In Joburg mayor Herman Mashaba has to be replaced after resigning. JOHANNESBURG - The DA-run metro's Johannesburg and Tshwane are facing battles for political control today. In Joburg mayor Herman Mashaba has to be replaced after resigning, but that's not the only leadership position being contested. Votes of no confidence are being brought against the Speaker, Chief Whip and Chair of Chairs. READ: 'Serving you has been the greatest privilege of my life': Mashaba At the same time, the Tshwane mayor faces motions of no confidence brought by the ANC and EFF. The ANC also wants the acting city manager removed. "Yes there is a huge possibility that the leadership of the municipality will be removed, already we know that the mayor is not going to be there and automatically it means the Mayoral Committee is dissolved, the Speaker of the Vote of the No confidence succeeds, it means there won't be a speaker including the Chief Whip and that is the leadership of the municipality and there can't be a vacuum in terms of the law," said Lebogang Maile, Human Settlements and Cogta MEC. READ: DA announces Funzela Ngobeni to replace Mashaba The ANC will be fielding its own mayoral candidate in Lindiwe Maseko. Two-hundred and seventy councillors will be voting with the ANC sitting at 121, the DA at 104, the EFF at 30 with smaller parties sharing the other 15. This means if the EFF sides with the ANC, it's tickets for the DA. "It's a given that there won't be a mayor in Johannesburg and the other issue whether we win the issues if motions whether we remove the leadership and if It happens it means we will have a new leadership by end of business failing which the law will have to kick in," said Bones Modise, ANC Gauteng Spokesperson. READ: EFF praises Mashaba following resignation The DA's mayoral candidate firmly believes the position is his. "I believe so and am confident because I still have faith in our fellow councillors not only from the DA and coalition partners, I have faith in some of the ANC councillors, there is a lot of them that want to see this city being stable," said Funzela Ngobeni, DA Johannesburg Mayoral Candidate. The EFF says it will no longer vote with the Democratic Alliance, placing the DA on defence. It looks increasingly like these cities will be snatched from the party's hands.