In boxing-obsessed Philippines, scores of young would-be fighters dream of becoming the nation's next Manny Pacquiao. MANILA - In the boxing-obsessed Philippines, scores of young fighters dream of becoming the next Manny Pacquiao, but it takes a sharp eye and vast experience to pick out a potential world champion. That expertise comes from the scouts and trainers who scour amateur matches at dusty town "fiestas", rely on spotters' referrals or size up hopefuls as young as eight training in well-worn gyms. They are the lesser-known but vital cogs in the Philippines' boxing machine, which has produced dozens of world champion fighters, many of whom were born into poverty. It's a risky way to make a living -- some coaches have faced ruin when the fighters they have backed, pouring money into their training and upkeep, didn't win. But when victory comes, the pay-off can be big, or at least enough to keep going in the sport they love. READ: Are Tottenham Champions League contenders or pretenders? The shining example is, of course, Pacquiao. Born into a poor family, he quit school at 14 and ended up on the street. Pacquiao, now also a Philippine senator, declared assets worth some $59 million in 2018. His career, including an unparalleled eight world championships in different weight divisions, is a tempting incitement to boys born into similarly bleak circumstances. While in real life they may be impoverished and ignored, in the boxing world they are a precious element to be forged into winners. "We, the coaches, are looking for boxers who would become the next Manny Pacquiao so we teach them everything, including discipline and humility," said Anthony Ornopia, a former boxer who is now a trainer. Spotting them is more art than science, but the scouts are looking for more than just the ability to pummel opponents with their fists. "The number one trait I look for in a boxer is the attitude," trainer Joven Jimenez told AFP, saying his fighters need to be "determined, obedient and disciplined". "It's a bonus if the boxer looks good, too," he quipped, saying it helps in the promotion of a match.