11 November 2019 - Springboks captain Siya Kolisi and Archbishop Desmond Tutu standing outside Cape Town City Hall. Image Courtesy Oryx Media / The Desmond and Leah Tutu Legacy Foundation. JOHANNESBURG - There were laughs and blessings as anti-Apartheid activist, Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu met the Springboks on Monday morning, praising them for their Rugby World Cup victory. He also urged the country to continue building on the momentum brought about by win. READ: "Mandela is smiling" - Bok victory at World Cup inspires nation Tutu visited with the national rugby squad at the Cape Town City Hall as part of the Boks Trophy Tour. "What this group of youngsters has achieved speaks, beyond rugby, to the possibility of what we can be. No matter where we come from, if we reach for the stars we can actually touch them." The Arch, as Tutu is affectionately known, felt Trevor Nyakane and Tendai 'Beast' Mtawarira's muscles and complained about the firmness of Duane Vermeulen's handshake, according to a post on the Desmond & Leah Tutu Legacy Foundation's Facebook page. 11 November 2019 - Springbok player Duane Vermeulen meets Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu on the last day of the Trophy Tour in Cape Town. Image Courtesy Oryx Media / Desmond & Leah Tutu Legacy Foundation.  11 November 2019 - Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu feels Springbok player Trevor Nyakane's muscles to check if they're real. Image courtesy Oryx Media / Desmond & Leah Tutu Legacy Foundation. The Arch also caught a glimpse of Faf de Klerk's now infamous speedo.  Tutu is described as being a passionate Springbok supporter and massive fan of Captain Siya Kolisi and Coach Rassie Erasmus. Read: Archie meets The Arch In the Foundation's Facebook post, the country is urged to continue with the positive momentum created by the Springboks' Rugby World Cup win. "The wave of patriotism and goodwill sweeping the country with the Rugby World Cup winning Springboks revisits the promise of the united, non-racial society Nelson Mandela and his colleagues embodied a generation ago. "It creates the opportunity for all South Africans to reflect how far we have journeyed since 1994, and how far we still must travel. "We have had similar moments of high symbolism in the past, that on reflection we have failed to harness for sustainable effect. We cannot afford to sit back and bask in our glory now; we must use the momentum to deepen our commitment to building a nation in which all citizens are of equal worth and have equal opportunities to shine."