JOHANNESBURG - Johannesburg could be leaderless on Thursday according to the Cooperative Governance MEC, Lebogang Maile. Votes of no confidence are being brought against the Speaker, Chief Whip and Chair of Chairs. At the same time, the Tshwane mayor also faces a motion of no confidence brought by the EFF.
Both the capital city and the country's economic hub are embroiled in a leadership crisis. Horse-trading is now taking place to wrest control of them away from the DA. READ: Former DA leader Maimane says SA needs something new In Tshwane, Mayor Stevens Mokgalapa has been placed on a leave of absence following a sex scandal and in Johannesburg, Herman Mashaba's final day was on Wednesday.
Maile said, "yes, there is a huge possibility that the leadership of the municipality will be removed tomorrow, already we know that the mayor is not going to be there and automatically it means the Mayoral Committee is dissolved." "If the Vote of the No-confidence succeeds it means there won't be speaker including the chief whip and that is the leadership of the municipality and there can't be a vacuum in terms of the law," he explained.
The ANC will be fielding its own mayoral candidate in Lindiwe Maseko.
270 councillors will be voting with the ANC sitting at 121, the DA at 104, the EFF at 30 with smaller parties sharing the other 15. This means if the EFF sides with the ANC, it is the end of the road for the DA. READ: DA announces Funzela Ngobeni to replace Mashaba ANC Gauteng spokesperson, Bone Modise said, "it's a given that there won't be a mayor in Johannesburg tomorrow. The other issue <is> whether we win the issues." "If it happens it means we will have new leadership by end of business tomorrow, failing which the law will have to kick in."
But the DA's mayoral candidate firmly believes the position is his.
Funzela Ngobeni, said, "I believe so and am confident because I still have faith in our fellow councillors not only from the DA and coalition partners, I have faith in some of the ANC Councillors there is a lot of them that wants to see this city being stable."
With the EFF saying it will no longer vote with the Democratic Alliance it looks increasingly like these cities could be snatched from the party's hands.