Springbok captain, Siya Kolisi, holding the World Rugby Cup after his arrival at O.R. Tambo International Airport in Johannesburg, South Africa on November 5, 2019 JOHANNESBURG - Thousands of fans screamed with joy, danced and sang at OR Tambo airport near Johannesburg on Tuesday as the first group of Springboks who won the Rugby World Cup returned home. Forward Pieter-Steph du Toit, voted World Rugby Player of the Year two days ago, and scrum-half Faf de Klerk were among the first players to arrive. READ: Boks to celebrate World Cup victory with parades Captain Siya Kolisi and coach Rassie Erasmus arrived touched down to a frenzied reception. "We are privileged to do what we are doing ... we know that can give a little bit of hope to the people," Kolisi said. "We won because we wanted it a lot. The people here gave us another reason to want it even harder. We had our people with us and it was really special for us." Springbok captain, Siya Kolisi, holding the World Rugby Cup after his arrival at O.R. Tambo International Airport in Johannesburg, South Africa on November 5, 2019. Springboks scrumhalf Faf de Klerk greet supporters upon the South African Rugby team's arrival at the O.R. Tambo International Airport in Johannesburg on November 5, 2019. Springboks fly half Elton Jantjies signs a rugby jersey upon the South African Rugby team's arrival at the O.R. Tambo International Airport in Johannesburg on November 5, 2019. Springboks wing Cheslin Kolbe (C) walks through the crowd upon the South African Rugby team's arrival at the O.R. Tambo International Airport in Johannesburg on November 5, 2019. Springboks prop Vincent Koch (C) greets supporters upon the South African Rugby team's arrival at the O.R. Tambo International Airport in Johannesburg on November 5, 2019. Springboks centre Lukhanyo Am (C) walks through the crowd upon the South African Rugby team's arrival at the O.R. Tambo International Airport in Johannesburg on November 5, 2019. Springboks hooker Schalk Brits walks through the crowd upon the team's arrival at the O.R. Tambo International Airport in Johannesburg on November 5, 2019. Springboks hooker Schalk Brits walks through the crowd upon the team's arrival at the O.R. Tambo International Airport in Johannesburg on November 5, 2019. Springbok fans gather as they wait for the South African Rugby team's arrival at the O.R. Tambo International Airport in Johannesburg on November 5, 2019. Springbok fans can be seen next to a statue of O.R. Tambo while waiting for the South African Rugby team's arrival at the O.R. Tambo International Airport in Johannesburg on November 5, 2019.