JOHANNESBURG - SAA acting-CEO Zukisa Ramasia addressed the media on Sunday in order to clarify the airline's position on allegations and events happening during the ongoing strike. Ramasia said she would be giving context to the events of the strike addressing the pertinent topics of safety and security, discussions with labour unions, the call for a secondary strike and to give an operational update. READ: SAA strike enters second-day She first disputed the implication that the airline is unsafe, “the safety and security of our customers, our aircraft, our crew, and our employees is of paramount importance to us, as SAA.” The acting-CEO called on Sacca and Numsa to retract their "untruthful and unfounded statements and allegations" that travelling with the national carrier is unsafe and stated the airline would bring legal action against them if they fail to do so. Ramasia also said the airline would protect workers who decided to come to work and encouraged employees to report intimidation. Security personnel have been increased at the parking areas of airports and law enforcement has been asked to assist in monitoring access points and roads close to airports. Ramasia then spoke on the wage negotiation talks between them and labour unions. Talks between SAA and unions started on Saturday, mediated by the CCMA. READ: SAA strike enters second-day The carrier stated they have met with the commissioner of the CCMA and would be considering the options provided by the commissioner. Meanwhile, Numsa is demanding an urgent meeting with the ministers of Finance and Public Enterprises in a bid to fix problems at the airline. The workers downed tools on Friday, demanding an eight percent salary increase. The carrier has offered unions 5,9% and six months of back-pay depending on the funds made available to them. Ramasia apologised to customers whose flights have been cancelled and pledged to rebook all passengers caught up in the flight cancellations. Customers wishing to be refunded or attempting to rebook on future SAA flight have until 30 November to finalise their arrangements.