Another political killing allegedly linked to ANC infighting. Courtesy #DStv403 PRETORIA - The ANC Youth League says divisions within its mother body, might have led to the murder of one of its member, in Tshwane on Saturday. Lethabo Nkoane was shot dead outside the Temba Stadium at a rally. The rally’s organiser and Tshwane ANC Youth League leader Kottiti Aphane was also wounded and is currently in hospital. The pair were shot after a brawl erupted inside the stadium and spilled onto the streets. READ: Former ANCYL secretary-general Sindiso Magaqa dies It started with a brawl between rival factions, over whether the ANC Youth League rally should continue. The fight then moved out of the Temba Stadium’s main gates, across the road and onto the pavement. It's at this point the 25-year-old ANC Youth League member was shot in the head. In the aftermath, Nkoane’s comrades removed his t-shirt and hung it on the tree next to where he died. WATCH: Whistleblower lives in fear Nkoane has been remembered as a vibrant community activist. His death has left his family in shock and uncertain about the future. “We expected him to be safe as always when he went to ANC events and come back,” said Psychology Lethuba, a family spokesperson. “We never expected anything like this to happen. “At this point we can’t blame the ANC because we don’t know what happened there. “Thabo was a breadwinner. In his family he was the eldest son whose mother was hoping that he would provide for the family until she can find work.” READ: IFP calls for Cele's intervention in political killings While another ANC Youth League member is recovering in hospital, the party says regional divisions may have led to the shooting. "We calling on the ANC to be able to take harsh decision if needs be against its own leaders in the regions because leaders of the regions of the ANC in one way or another when you investigate you find that they themselves are involved in these fights that escalate to the Youth League,” said ANCYL National Task Team spokesperson Sizophila Mkhize.