Former ANN7's Rajesh Sundaram has testified for two days on how former president Jacob Zuma allegedly acted like an ANN7 shareholder. Courtesy #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG - Former ANN7's Rajesh Sundaram is on his way home to India after testifying at the state capture inquiry. Sundaram testified for two days on how former president Jacob Zuma allegedly acted like an ANN7 shareholder. In fact, it was Zuma's son, Duduzane, who was the on-paper shareholder. WATCH: Former SABC employee takes stand at state capture The Dubai-based businessman held a 21-percent stake in Infinity Media through Mabengela Investments. Sundaram described the three Gupta brothers. “The youngest brother Rajesh ‘Tony’ Gupta was the guy who was the networking guy, who had a relationship with the President’s son, sons of other ministers and he moved in that circle, trying to influence them and trying to work out deals.” “Ajay Gupta was the head in that sense of the family. He was the one who did all the direct negotiations with the government, with President Zuma. He was very close to President Zuma as well. Also, he was the bully you know who go out there and tell the ministers whatever he wanted to get done, or you know seek favours telling everybody he had the President in his pocket,” said Sundaram. “Atul Gupta was somebody who at that time was purely focused on the television station but he was someone who was also brash and arrogant and very drunk on the fact that they were controlling the government. One more than one occasion he would say, well, you know when I would point something out to something and say, you know, “Is that legal?” He would say, “Don’t worry if something is legal or illegal.” You know, we have the government in our pocket we will be able to manage. You know, whether it was about the labour law violations, whether it was about the visa violations they were into, whether it was the deal with the SABC. That was his standard response: we have the government in our pocket, we have the President in our pocket and we’ll get the job done?” Before his departure, Sundaram sat for an exclusive sit-down interview with eNCA reporter Erin Bates. The full interview will air on the weekend