Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane is being accused by ANC national chairperson Gwede Mantashe of participating in factional politics. Courtesy #DStv403 BOKSBURG - ANC National Chairperson Gwede Mantashe says the Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane has entered the political space. Mantashe is echoing the words of the SACP's Solly Mapaila that politicians are influencing Mkhwebane. The political tussles in the ANC are now in full swing and presidential campaign monies have taken centre stage. Mantashe has also questioned why she is only going after Gavin Watson's donation to President Cyril Ramaphosa. “There were seven Presidential candidates in the ANC. She is not interested in any of them, except one, that is political,” Mantashe said. “If she is really interested in following the issue of fundraising for campaigning in the party and not in government, in the party which I don’t think is in her jurisdiction but if she was she would have investigated all seven of them.” WATCH: Busisiwe Mkhwebane under fire Mantashe is accusing Mkhwebane of participating in factional politics. “The public protector is a section 9 institution, if it behaves delinquently that should be followed formally and be engaged,” Mantashe said. “There are times when we think that she has occupied a political space that does not belong to her but we must find a way of dealing with that, that’s why we are in politics.” READ: Public protector widens campaign fund probe The South African Reserve Bank's nationalisation is also a political hot potato. Mantashe has taken aim at Ekurhuleni mayor and ANC regional chairperson, Mzwandile Masina, who has been vocal on Twitter about the topic. “Do we wake up just because a person is making a lot of noise from Ekhuruleni and say now declare the reserve bank nationalized,” Mantashe said. “No you don’t do that, what you do is take proper steps systematically and implement the resolution.” Mantashe says the Reserve Bank will be nationalized and they have five-years to implement the Nasrec conference resolution.