Jacob Zuma has been invited to appear before the State Capture Inquiry, to give his side of the story. The commission has set aside dates on which the former President can respond to testimony that's implicated him in state capture and corruption. Courtesy #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG - Former President Jacob Zuma has been called to testify before the Zondo Commission of Inquiry into state capture from 15-19 July. It comes after Zuma was mentioned in statements and testimony from various witnesses. According to a statement from the Commission of Inquiry, its lawyers have been in talks with Zuma's lawyers since 30 April. "...the Commission hereby confirms that in April 2019 it set aside 15 to 19 July 2019 as the dates for the appearance before it of the former President, Mr Jacob Zuma, in order to enable him to give his side of the story in response to the statements or affidavits and evidence of certain identified witnesses, including Mr Themba Maseko, Ms Vytie Mentor, Mr Nhlanhla Nene, Mr Pravin Gordhan, Ms Barbra Hogan, Mr Ramathlodi, Mr Fikile Mbalula, Mr Muofhe and for questions to be put to him on the issues or matters covered in statements or affidavits of those witnesses which relate to him or in regard to which he was referred to." The Commission says it has yet to be given an undertaking that the former president will appear. "Mr Zuma, has among other things, insisted that he be furnished in advance with the questions that he will be asked on the witness stand before he can consider whether to give the required under-taking." The Acting Secretary of the Commission says Zuma is not entitled to insist that he be given the questions before his appearance. "It takes the position that it is enough that he has been told that he will be afforded an opportunity to state his side of the story in response to what certain identified witnesses have said in their statements or affidavits or evidence about him or against him or in regard to certain issues that relate to him and that the questions he will be asked will be confined to the issues covered in the statements or affidavits or evidence of those witnesses."  eNCA's Erin Bates has more in studio. #DStv403