The names of 200 trailblazing young South Africans will be announced a gala event on June 27 2019 at The Galleria in Sandton, Johannesburg. The event will be streamed from 7pm. SANDTON - For more than a decade, the Mail & Guardian 200 Young South Africans has been a defining mark of distinction reflecting some of the best of what the country’s young people offer. The names of 200 trailblazing young South Africans will be announced at a gala event on Thursday night at The Galleria in Sandton. This year, the list is published in partnership with Nedbank and eNCA. “As a purpose-led brand, we are extremely honoured to partner with the Mail & Guardian in celebration of the young people who are making strides in their chosen fields, and charting the way for the many other South Africans who will become future leaders,” says the group executive for marketing and corporate affairs at Nedbank, Khensani Nobanda. South Africa’s most watched 24-hour news channel, eNCA, will this year be the official broadcast media partner of the Mail & Guardian 200 Young South Africans. The event will be aired on eNCA (DStv channel 403). eNCA’s own young but experienced Live at Five anchor, Shahan Ramkissoon, will be at the helm of the event. “As a channel that is at the forefront of news occurrences, it was only befitting that we take the additional lead in positioning ourselves within the youth audience segment,” said eNCA editor-in-chief Jeremy Maggs. “The young 200 nominees are the future of South Africa and becoming a proud secondary custodian of the countries youth achievements adds to our voice. “We are sponsoring the arts and entertainment category and look forward to showcasing the rich talent that exists in our country to our eNCA family. We wish all the nominees the best of luck for all their efforts,” Maggs said ahead of the event. This year, the Mail & Guardian received more than 6 000 nominations from the public of young South Africans who are pushing barriers, making giant strides, and doing truly good work. It was incredibly difficult to narrow the nominations down to the final 200. These are the dream-chasers and change-makers that will build South Africa into everything it has the potential to be.