SABC has confirmed it could only secure two live World Cup matches which turned out to be the Proteas 2 opening games, against England and Bangladesh. Courtesy #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG - Sunday's match between the Proteas and Bangladesh was the last live Cricket World Cup action fans without DSTV will see on TV. The SABC has confirmed it could only secure two live World Cup matches, which turned out to be South Africa’s two opening games, against England and Bangladesh. Fans who had pinned their hopes on the public broadcaster will have to find an alternative. Last week, the SABC announced it had reached terms with SuperSport on packages for the Cricket World Cup. READ: End of era looms for struggling South Africa At the time, the public broadcaster said some fixtures would be live, others would be delayed, with highlights also available but, now, a week and about 10 matches into the World Cup, television fans are now dependent on pay TV for their live experience of the global showpiece. While the Proteas' opening losses were available on SABC 3, the rest of South Africa's matches will now only be available live on radio. Of South Africa's six remaining round-robin fixtures, three will be broadcast on the evening of the match. Two games, including the high profile showdown against Australia, will be shown the next morning. According to the SABC's schedule, the encounter against Sri Lanka will only be available on radio. READ: CSA reveal shock AB de Villiers retirement U-turn In a written response to queries from eNCA, SABC says in its package with SuperSport, only the opener and Bangladesh were agreed to on a live basis. The Proteas' remaining fixtures were to be delayed live. Neither semi-finals nor the final will be on TV. While all 48 matches have been made available to SABC radio, only 18 will be carried live, while others will be live reports. The public broadcaster says the increasing costs associated with sports rights are unsustainable for the organisation, adding it cannot continue incurring costs on sports rights and production with little or no return on investment.