There's been a major outcry within and outside the ANC-led tripartite alliance over some of the ANC MPs who've been nominated to chair parliamentary portfolio committees. Courtesy #DStv403 PARLIAMENT - There's been a major outcry within and outside the ANC-led tripartite alliance over some of the ANC MPs who've been nominated to chair parliamentary portfolio committees. READ: Ex-ministers headline committee chairpersons list The names of some of the nominees have cropped up several times in the state capture inquiry. Faith Muthambi is a former cabinet minister and a staunch supporter of former president Jacob Zuma. According to the testimony before the state capture inquiry, she tried to destabilise The Government Communication and Information System when she was a communications minister. Muthambi has been nominated to chair Parliament's portfolio committee on Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs. READ: Parties weigh up reduced parliamentary committees Mosebenzi Zwane has been implicated in the Free State's Vrede Dairy farm saga. It's alleged he had a hand in diverting funds meant for the project to the controversial Gupta family. Zwane was the MEC for Agriculture in the Free State province at the time. He's been nominated to chair the Transport Committee. Cedric Frolick who'll retain his job as chair of chairs is alleged to have received a R40,000 bribe from Bosasa. Former state security minister Bongani Bongo is facing bribery charges but he's been nominated to chair the Home Affairs Committee. Under former Energy Minister, Tina Joemat-Pettersson's tenure Central Energy Fund key strategic oil reserves were sold off below the market price and without national treasury's permission but she's been nominated to chair the Police Committee. Former North West premier Supra Mahumapelo was stripped of the premiership position and the province was placed under administration over corruption and mismanagement allegations. Mahumapelo's been nominated to chair the Tourism portfolio committee. "When we saw those faces as leadership of Saftu of those faces that are going to chair those portfolio committees in parliament, immediately we said there will be no peace in parliament," said Saftu deputy president,  Nomvume Ralarala Even Cosatu which is part of the ANC-led tripartite alliance isn't pleased. Some of the nominees insist their hands are clean. They're blaming the media and certain members of society for their troubles.