Cardi B departs from court after being arraigned on misdemeanor assault charges at the Queens Criminal Court. NEW YORK - Rap superstar Cardi B pleaded not guilty to attempted assault charges including two felonies filed in connection with her alleged involvement in a New York strip club brawl. "Not guilty sir; honour," the 26-year-old artist said before a packed courtroom in Queens, looking swank in a fitted, low-cut navy blue and baby pink double-breasted pantsuit and razor-sharp straight blue-hued bob. The brash rapper appeared calm throughout the proceedings, her hands clasped behind her back, showing her talon-esque hot pink nail extensions to the room. The arraignment came days after a grand jury indicted Cardi B in connection to the incident, with court documents showing 14 counts including two felonies against the rap superstar. On 29 August 2018, Cardi B was in the Angels Strip Club in Queens when her group reportedly lobbed bottles, chairs and a hookah pipe, which police said bruised a female employee's legs. Cardi B allegedly ordered an attack on two sisters working at the club because one of them slept with her husband, the rapper Offset. Initially facing only misdemeanour charges, the Bronx rapper in April rejected a plea deal from the Queens district attorney's office. That offer would have given the Grammy winner a conditional discharge if she pleaded guilty to one misdemeanour. The revamped charges include two felony counts of attempted assault with intent to cause serious physical injury, according to the case docket. The order of protection preventing Cardi B from returning to the scene of the incident or communicating with the alleged victims was extended for one year, a condition of her parole. Upon leaving the courtroom the rap star smiled and waved, blowing a kiss to a throng of journalists and onlookers. Just after the arraignment, the intensely scrutinised rap star announced on Twitter the release of her music video for her latest hit "Press," in which she voices exasperation with the media.