Great Britain's Christopher Froome rides during the 21st and last stage of the 105th edition of the Tour de France cycling race between Houilles and Paris Champs-Elysees, on July 29, 2018. FRANCE - Four-time Tour de France winner Chris Froome has undergone surgery and was in intensive care Thursday a day after slamming into a wall at high speed and suffering multiple fractures. The force of the impact during practice ahead of the fourth stage of the Criterium du Dauphine race in central France fractured his pelvis, right femur, and left him with broken ribs and a broken right elbow. "He's not in great shape. There are crashes and bad crashes and this was a bad crash," said his Ineos team principal Dave Brailsford. He said the 34-year-old Briton had undergone initial surgery which had gone well and "will remain in hospital for at least two days in Saint-Etienne" before a decision on further treatment, possibly back home in Britain, is taken. Brailsford said Froome had no hope of competing in the Tour de France next month and his full focus was now on recovery after the horror crash which happened on a downhill stretch of road in the Loire region. READ: Seriously injured Froome out of Tour de France Froome was riding with Dutch teammate Wout Poels when he lost control of his bike and slammed into the wall of a house at full speed. "We have had a look at his data, he went from 54km/h to a dead stop," Brailsford said. The accident happened in the village of Saint-Andre d'Apchon. Froome had taken his hands off the handlebars in order to blow his nose "and the wind's taken his front wheel and he's hit a wall," Brailsford added. Following treatment on site Froome was airlifted to intensive care at Saint-Etienne hospital where he underwent emergency surgery. Froome's wife Michelle Cound tweeted that she was on her way to join him there and asked fans to keep the rider "in your thoughts." Brailsford said that Froome had worked "incredibly hard to get in fantastic shape and had been on track for the Tour" which starts on July 6 from Brussels. The Criterium du Dauphine represents a full dress rehearsal and Froome was doing well, in eighth spot before the crash. Late Wednesday, Brailsford said Froome had the mental force needed in the battle for recovery that lay ahead. "One of the things which sets Chris apart is his mental strength and resilience - and we will support him totally in his recovery, help him to recalibrate and assist him in pursuing his future goals and ambitions."