The Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium in Port Elizabeth is marking its decade. Courtesy #DStv403 PORT ELIZABETH - Nine years after the 2010 Fifa World Cup, facilities that were built for that event have been largely under-utilised. Stadium managers have relied on big sporting events and concerts to generate some sort of revenue. The Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium in Port Elizabeth cost R2-billion and opened in June 2009, ahead of the 2010 Fifa World Cup. The 46,000-seater facility is marking its decade. Now organisers recognise that football and rugby matches can't only sustain the facility and are finding ways to make use of the stadium beyond those four glorious weeks in 2010. “The key thing was to make sure that we are able to attract other events, outside of the bowl events, because that’s where we generate our revenue. So it became vital that we find the right partners, the right event organisers,” said Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium Commercial HOD Phumulani Hlatshwayo. READ: Nigeria call off Afcon bonus strike Caretakers of the stadium have to find the right mix of events to attract a diverse audience. So, while the facility hosts major PSL cup competitions as well as Springbok Tests, it has also added events such as the Ebubeleni Music festival, the Colour Run, and the MTB Challenge to its roster. The Mandela Bay Development Agency has been in charge of the stadium since 2017. The current deal with the municipality ends in December. READ: Top five players ahead of Afcon 2019 Officials are confident they have done enough to earn a contract extension. One of those leading that turnaround is stadium manager Mpho Mokonyama, who believes in a multi-phased approach is needed. “You look at the size of the municipality, as small as we are, to keep up with this structure and to maintain this structure for the next 50 years, or the next 100 years, and at this quality, it’s going to take a lot of money,” said Mokonyama. “Does the city have that kind of money? No. Hence I’m saying it needs to be a three-phased to me." Officials need to sell the experience as well as encourage the public to take ownership of the stadium.