Mohamed Salah gestures during the UEFA Champions League final football match between Liverpool and Tottenham Hotspur. MADRID - Liverpool ended an incredible season by winning Europe's biggest prize after beating Tottenham Hotspur 2-0 in Saturday's all-English Champions League final, earning sweet redemption after agonisingly missing out on the Premier League title. Mohamed Salah scored the second-quickest goal in a Champions League final by converting from the penalty spot in the second minute while Divock Origi sealed victory in the 87th after Liverpool had survived some heavy late pressure from Spurs. Tottenham, in their first European Cup final, kept their heads after the early setback and came to life when semi-final hat-trick hero Lucas Moura was brought on but, with Harry Kane lacking sharpness, another European comeback was beyond them. Liverpool, who missed out on the Premier League title to Manchester City by one point, did not produce their usual whirlwind attacking game but Salah's debatable penalty and Origi's arrowed finish sealed a sixth European Cup triumph. "Everyone is happy now," said Salah as the Liverpool fans rejoiced. "I am glad to play the second final in a row and play 90 minutes finally. Everyone did his best today, no great individual performances, all the team was unbelievable." Right-back Trent Alexander-Arnold who had marauded down the flank all night, added: "It is hard to put into words. The season we have had, we deserved it more than any other team." The win at the Wanda Metropolitano was sweet redemption for Salah and especially Klopp, who had suffered defeat in his last six major finals, including Champions League showpieces with Borussia Dortmund in 2013 and Liverpool last year. "I am so happy for the boys all these people, and my family. They suffer for me, they deserve it more than anybody," said the elated German. "Did you ever see a team like, this, fighting with no fuel in the tank? And we have a keeper (Alisson Becker) who makes difficult things look easy. It is the best night of our professional lives." His opposite number Mauricio Pochettino praised his team's determined efforts to get themselves back into the game. "We were fighting, and we played so well in the second half. I feel so proud, a little bit unlucky. To be 1-0 down from the start was tough, we changed our plans but we are very proud of these players and these fans. We can be optimistic."