US actress Pamela Anderson announced on June 25, 2019 to have split up with Marseille's defender Adil Rami. FRANCE - Former Baywatch star Pamela Anderson has revealed she has broken up with France World Cup-winning defender Adil Rami, calling him a "monster" who "scammed" her. Anderson's two-year romance with the Marseille player 18 years her junior has been closely followed in France, especially when Rami became a cult hero of the 2018 World Cup campaign in Russia despite not playing a single minute. But the couple's romance appears to have ended abruptly, with Anderson accusing Rami of cheating on her. READ: Pamela Anderson tells French foie gras doesn't fly "The last (more than) 2 years of my life have been a big lie," Anderson, 51, said on Instagram. "I was scammed, led to believe... we were in « big love »?" "I'm devastated to find out in the last few days that he was living a double life." The actress and model said Rami "used to joke about other players who had girlfriends down the street in apartments close to their wives. He called those men monsters. But this is worse. He lied to all... He is the monster." Rami's representatives did not reply to AFP when asked to respond to Anderson's claims. Anderson has two sons from a previous relationship with Motley Crue rocker Tommy Lee. It’s hard to accept 💔 The last (more than) 2.years of my life have been a big lie.  I was scammed, led to believe ... we were in « big love »?. I’m devastated to find out in the last few days.  That he was living a double life.  He used to joke about other players  who had girlfriends down the street in apartments close to their wives.  He called those men monsters. ? But this is worse. He lied to all.  How is it possible  to control 2 women’s hearts and minds like this - I’m sure there were others.  He is the monster.  How could I have helped so many people @ndvhofficial  and not be wise enough or able to help myself. A post shared by  The Pamela Anderson Foundation (@pamelaanderson) on Jun 24, 2019 at 11:45pm PDT