File: Botswana's former president Ian Khama last week left the ruling Botswana Democratic Party (BDP) in a culmination of a dramatic fall-out with President Mokgweetsi Masisi. JOHANNESBURG - Botswana's former president Ian Khama has accused his chosen successor of becoming an autocrat and threatening the country's reputation as a beacon of stability in Africa. Khama last week left the ruling Botswana Democratic Party (BDP) in a culmination of a dramatic fall-out with President Mokgweetsi Masisi, who took office last year. Khama told AFP that he took the "very painful" decision to leave the BDP because of the "immature and arrogant" attitude of Masisi's government. "The person who I nominated to be my successor, as soon as he took office became very autocratic, very intolerant and it has led to a decline in the democratic credentials that we have a reputation for," Khama said in a telephone interview. READ: Former Botswana president Khama quits ruling party After serving the constitutional maximum of ten years in office, Khama handed power in April 2018 to Masisi, who was then his deputy. Khama stepped down 18 months before elections, allowing Masisi to settle into the role and start campaigning. But the two leaders have clashed so badly that Khama last weekend quit the party and declared he would campaign against it in the October elections. Khama -- whose father Sir Seretse Khama co-founded the BDP in 1962 -- said he was not joining another party but would back some opposition parliamentary candidates. READ: Ramaphosa congratulates Botswana's Masisi He said some senior BDP officials fear the party may be "heading for an election defeat" because they believe Masisi "has now become a liability". "To me it's so sad and extremely painful that all these years' work to build up to what we had achieved is being put in reverse," said Khama, adding Masisi never previously objected to the ban. "We have had stability for many years, we have had wildlife for many years, we have been trying to play our part as a responsible member of the international community in fostering democracy. "When you see what is happening, putting all the hard work into reverse, it is unacceptable." Khama accused Masisi of cracking down on dissent in Botswana. READ: Botswana president steps down with 57-date 'farewell tour' "Anybody who is seen as an opponent in the party or opposition parties -- there is this use of state security organs to go after them and harass people," he said. "Those are things we have never seen in Botswana and one just cringes. It's that bad." "I have seen that happen in other countries," he added, warning the country would "gradually start having a serious deficit in democracy." Masisi and the BDP have not publicly responded to Khama's criticisms.