Auditor General Kimi Makwetu is set to lay bare the state of South Africa's municipalities. It will be the first time he announces audit outcomes since the Public Audit Act was amended. JOHANNESBURG - Accountability for financial and performance management in municipal governance continues to worsen, according to auditor-general Kimi Makwetu. Makwetu's 2017-18 report paints a grim picture of municipalities refusing to implement recommendations, irregular expenditure, and consequence-free misconduct. READ: Auditor-General gets more teeth Makwetu stated from now on, recommendations made to municipalities will be treated as binding and a certificate of debt may be issued to those found guilty of irregularities. He said in the past, recommendations have not been followed. The number of clean audits among South African municipalities declined from 14 percent in the previous financial year to 8 percent currently. Irregular expenditure still remains high, but decreased from R29,7-billion to R25,2-billion after record highs in the previous year. Makwetu said the undesirable state of deteriorating audit outcomes shows that various local government role players have been slow in implementing recommendations, in some instances even disregarded. "We have consistently cautioned those charged with oversight and governance about administrative lapses that could cripple local government and its ability to deliver services to the citizenry," Makwetu said. READ: Auditor General: Tshwane's GladAfrica contract irregular 45 percent of the municipalities did not have all the required mechanisms for reporting and investigating transgressions or possible fraud. A total of 74 percent of the municipalities did not adequately follow up allegations of financial and supply chain management misconduct and fraud. The additional powers of the auditor-general were not applicable at the time the report was compiled. These amendments introduce the concept of material irregularity in audits performed under the Public Audit Act and possible actions that can be introduced if an irregularity is found.