President Cyril Ramaphosa will deliver the Sona in the National Assembly. CAPE TOWN – Opposition parties have reacted with disdain and concern to President Cyril Ramaphosa’s State of the Nation Address. Democratic Alliance leader Mmusi Maimane says that Ramaphosa's selling dreams to South Africans. “It is disappointing that the State of the Nation Address was nothing more than an acknowledgment of the systemic problems the country faces – without announcing urgent and immediate reform measures that our nation and her people are crying out for. We need a plan for tomorrow,” Maimane. “While our economy remains in ICU, the President expects his recycled rhetoric, sprinkled with one or two minor changes, to lead to fundamental reform and take us on a path of rapid economic growth that creates a job in every home. This was not a Sona for the 10-million jobless South Africans, the majority of whom are young people. “The truth is, the President said very little about government’s actual plans. It was devoid of policy certainty that could steer our economy towards a path of growth and prosperity.” DA leader Mmusi Maimane says that President Cyril Ramaphosa’s selling dreams to South Africans. Courtesy #DStv403 EFF Leader Julius Malema has slammed Ramaphosa's speech. Malema says nothing fruitful had been said. "This was bad, the president must be ashamed,” Malema said. “They all looked demoralized because he said nothing. “He never spoke about the manifesto of the ANC, the resolutions of the ANC. He came to speak about his own imagination. Imagine this in your mind, that is what he was saying today." EFF leader Julius says President Cyril Ramaphosa's speech was a disappointment. Malema said Ramaphosa failed to articulate the ANC's policy resolutions. Courtesy #DStv403 The Freedom Front Plus says the president needs more clarity on the land issue. "What they've actually said tonight is that they're going to continue with the expropriation without compensation, we reject that,” said Freedom Front Plus Leader Pieter Groenewald. “The president has a nice dream but when he wakes up, he'll realise that he's living a nightmare. “How he's going to solve the problem?" President Cyril Ramaphosa delivered his State of the Nations Address. FF Plus leader said they reject the president's points on land expropriation. Courtesy #DStv403