The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will visit South Africa later this year. eNCA's Olly Barratt has more.  #eNCA LONDON - Britain's Prince Harry, his wife Meghan and their infant son Archie will visit South Africa later this year on their first official tour as a family, Buckingham Palace said on Thursday. "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will undertake an official visit to South Africa this autumn at the request of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office," the palace said in a statement. Harry, 34, will also visit Angola and Malawi at the request of Britain's Foreign Office and conduct a working trip to Botswana while in the region. READ: Prince Harry celebrates first Father's Day Harry and Meghan said on their Instagram account that it would be their "first official tour as a family", with Archie born on May 6 set to join them in South Africa. Their first official trip as a married couple was a 16-day tour of Australia, Fiji, Tonga and New Zealand in October 2018. Meghan, 37, recently made her first public appearance since giving birth to Archie, joining a host of British royals to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II's official birthday in London on June 8. The couple said they were "excited" by the trip on their Instagram account. "The duke and duchess are really looking forward to meeting so many of you on the ground and continuing to raise awareness of the high impact work local communities are doing across the Commonwealth and beyond," said the post. TRH The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited to announce that they have been asked to carry out a tour to Southern Africa this autumn. The Foreign and Commonwealth Office have requested a visit to South Africa 🇿🇦 as well as The Duke carrying out visits to Malawi 🇲🇼 and Angola 🇦🇴. His Royal Highness will also do a short working visit to Botswana 🇧🇼 en route to the other countries. The Duke and Duchess are really looking forward to meeting so many of you on the ground and continuing to raise awareness of the high impact work local communities are doing across the Commonwealth and beyond. This will be their first official tour as a family! A post shared by  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex (@sussexroyal) on Jun 27, 2019 at 8:14am PDT