The 54 hours Randwater upgrade is in motion. Courtesy #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG - Rand Water's shutdown of a major pipeline is going according to plan. No major water interruptions have been reported. The utility is installing a new valve as part of an R600-million upgrade. READ: Rand Water cautions against stocking water ahead of shutdown But authorities are warning that low pressure may be experienced if the work takes longer than the expected 54-hours. Rand Water's 54-hour shutdown began on Monday morning. The water utility's once again assuring those in affected areas, like the City of Johannesburg, Mogale City, and Emfuleni, that this doesn't mean that taps will be running dry. "Rand water has two purification plants. We have Zekybosch and we have Vereeniging purification plant. Zakirbosh will not be affected and that is the biggest one, we purify 4600 megaliters on a daily bases", said Rand Water Spokesperson, Justice Mohale. READ: Rand Water says don't panic as shut down begins But, there could be low water pressure and high-lying areas will be most affected. Rand Water has to do the upgrade in order to respond to an increase in water demand. In the past two years, we have been laying this pipeline and we have recently completed this R600-million project. So it is going to augment, it going to add more raw water into Rand water’s network", added Mohale. But what if, for some reason, the shutdown lasts for longer than planned? The City of Joburg says not to worry. READ: Joburg Water shutdown: Residents urged to save water "The only thing that we will do is to restrict flow from the reservoirs. That means we will simply close our valves a little bit. That will then lower the pressure." "So decreasing pressure is the only thing that we will do if it goes beyond 54-hours or if our reservoirs are going to run lower than our minimal standards", said MMC for Environmental and Infrastructure Services, councillor Nico de Jager. There's no need to panic or store extra water, that's the message from authorities.