Sunday, 9 June 2019 will see the 94th running of the world-famous Comrades Marathon. DURBAN - The Comrades Marathon Association (CMA) announced a strong contention of both South African and International athletes in the 94th edition of The Ultimate Human Race. With more than R4-million in prize money, Sunday, 9 June 2019 will show us who truly rules the rolling hills of KwaZulu-Natal. Last year's champions Ann Ashworth and Bongmusa Mthembu will be looking to defend their respective titles this year. Top five male contenders Bongmusa Mthembu Mthembu will undoubtedly be the main man to watch at the 2019 Comrades Marathon after his fabulous win at Two Oceans in April. His flawless victory en-route to Durban last year saw him become the first South African athlete since the legendary Bruce Fordyce (1988) to win back-to-back races. The 34-year-old won a bronze medal at the IAU 100km World Championships staged in Croatia last October. In addition to his three victories, Mthembu has another four gold medals to his name and will be on the hunt to become the first athlete since Stephen Muzhingi to win the race three times in a row. Nao Kazami Japanese ultra-runner Nao Kazami holds the World 100km record of 6:09:14 which he achieved last year and will run his first Comrades Marathon this year. Kazami knew nothing about the Comrades Marathon until he met the South African contingent at the IAU 100km World Championships. Kazami is hoping to finish in 6th position as the prize money will cover his travel costs. Gift Kelehe The 38-year-old is eager to return to the winner’s circle after romping to victory in the 2015 edition. Kelehe fancies the Up Run and will be looking to add to his haul of six gold medals. The hills of Dullstroom will provide a stern test for Kelehe as he prepares for another crack at the title along with champion coach, John Hamlett. David Gatebe 2016 Comrades Marathon down-run winner and record-holder David Gatebe managed to sneak into the top ten last year with an eighth-place finish at the Moses Mabhida Stadium. He will have fresh memories of his last up-run which did not go to plan, claiming a silver medal in a time of 6:12. The record-breaking achievements from 2016 catapulted his career and he knows a win in 2019 will further cement his status as a Comrades great. Steven Way The British athlete reached the podium last year, coming home third behind Joseph Mphuthi for his second gold medal. Way is a seasoned ultramarathoner with victories at the World 50km Championships and the Stockholm 100km under his belt. His up-run PB is 5:49 and he will have to shave a fair amount off that time to get into genuine contention. He is a massive fan of the Comrades and will arrive in South Africa with his game face on. File:The 94th running of the world-famous Comrades Marathon is scheduled to begin at 5:30 am on Sunday, taking place from Pietermaritzburg to Durban. Top five female contenders Ann Ashworth Ashworth shocked the field to win the 2018 race with a tactical and composed performance. She subsequently left her career as an advocate to run full time ahead of the 2019 race. Ashworth is in good form and achieved a marathon PB of 2:35 at the Valencia Marathon in December.  A genuine contender to become the first female to win back-to-back races since Elena Nurgalieva. Gerda Steyn The 28-year-old has enjoyed a meteoric rise from amateur to professional in the space of just five years. After finishing as runner-up last year, Steyn took a six-week break from the sport before preparing to tackle the New York Marathon, finishing 13th in a PB of 2:31. The 2018 and 2019 Two Oceans winner has made it clear, her goal this year is to claim a maiden Comrades Marathon title. Camille Herron Herron was left gutted just weeks before last year’s race as injury robbed her of a chance to claim back-to-back victories. It has been two years since her big win but the raging crowds and electric atmosphere which greeted her at the finish at Scottsville Racecourse will serve as a huge motivating factor as she prepares for a comeback. She set a new 100-mile record at the Desert Solstice Track Invitational in December. As the reigning up-run champion, the 37-year-old is a genuine title contender. Charne Bosman The 2016 down-run winner has proved to be one of South Africa’s most consistent athletes in recent years. She has five gold medals from six starts at Comrades. She is now 43 but there are no signs of her powers waning. She won the Johnson Crane Hire Marathon in January and the Om Die Dam Marathon in March. Bosman is in red hot form and is a genuine contender to win the race. Devon Yanko American Devon Yanko’s Comrades journey began back in 2012 when she came fifth on debut. She then took a four-year break from the race but returned over the last two years to earn another two gold medals. She won the Oaklands Marathon in a time of 2:43 in March. An accomplished runner who knows what it takes push for a win. CMA chairperson Cheryl Winn said they wish all top contenders the very best on Sunday. "The Comrades Marathon attracts the very best ultra-runners in the world and this year will be no different. This year’s up-run already promises to be an epic race,” said Winn. The 94th running of the world-famous Comrades Marathon is scheduled to begin at 5.30am on Sunday, taking place from Durban to Pietermaritzburg. The CMA has introduced two new medals, the Isavel Roche-Kelly Medal and the Robert Mtshali Medal and increased the prize money for the Top 7 finishers.