The state capture inquiry will turn its attention to ANN7. Monday’s witness is a former editor of the Gupta-owned TV news station. Journalist Rajesh Sundaram has travelled to South Africa from India via Dubai. JOHANNESBURG - Former ANN7 editor Rajesh Sundaram has detailed former president Jacob Zuma’s alleged involvement in the setup and operations of the channel. Sundaram claims he was lured to the Gupta-owned TV news station under false pretences. Sundaram, an Indian national, told the state capture inquiry how Zuma allegedly took a detailed briefing about the channel. READ: 'Monopolistic' Multichoice slammed for ANN7 move He reports Zuma appreciated that the Guptas took his advice on the channel's name. He also told the inquiry how he first met Zuma, who was allegedly without any of his security personnel. "The first meeting took place on 22 June 2013. The meeting took place at his residence in Pretoria,” Sundaram said. “It was attended by a team from New Age and Gupta family. To be specific, there was Ajay, Atul, Williams, Nazeem Howa...and there was me. “This entire meeting was coordinated by Ashwin Chawla and he too was part of the meeting. And the president was on his own, there were no other aides that were present at that meeting." Sundaram says the former president had a very good relationship with the Gupta brothers. "They had a very good relationship with president,” he told the inquiry. “They had good ties. When we went to these meetings there would be his relatives, at one point his daughter and they greeted each other very warmly. "The Gupta brothers seems to know everybody in the family on the first name basis, almost like there were family. Also President Zuma was very warm to them." The inquiry also heard Zuma apologised to the Guptas and their delegate for keeping them waiting. They were apparently at his official residence to brief him about their still-to-be-launched television channel, ANN7. Sundaram says Zuma left his scheduled meeting to meet the Guptas and their delegate. Sundaram made the damning claims about how rules were allegedly flouted when Indian nationals applied for visas and permits to work at ANN7 in South Africa.