A mother still in mourning after the death of her five-month-old baby, wants closure. Courtesy #Dstv403 JOHANNESBURG - A mother still in mourning after the death of her five-month-old baby, wants closure. Last month, what should have been a routine trip to a Johannesburg day care for baby Kganya, ended in tragedy. And to date still no explanation about what caused his death. Gauteng police say they're investigating, but post mortem results, will take about three months. READ: Unregistered crche where two-year-old died to be shut down In the meantime, the family of baby Kganya, continue to grieve. "I'm hoping to find justice, and most significantly, justice. I think I will be okay if I know what actually happened to him," said Nothando Mabuza, Kganya's mother. Baby Kganya  who attended Little Starts Edu-Care and After-care in Hillbow, Johannesburg, died mysteriously last month. According to his mother  Baby Kganya was healthy when she dropped him off before work. Later that day, she received a call to meet caregivers at the Hillbrow clinic. "Coincidentally, I actually made a video that morning before I took him to school. It's something I did every day, where we take pictures and videos. But there's something that just pushed me to make a video that morning, and I did. He was perfectly fine," said Mabuza. READ: Crche shutdown after abuse video goes viral But there seems to be conflicting stories about what happened to this little boy. "When my husband went to the clinic that afternoon, one of the nurses pulled him aside and said when they received the child, he was already dead, he was cold. Whereas the day care centre said the child didn't die, at first they said he died there inside his cot, then later they changed their story," she said. The South African Police Services say they're investigating  but are waiting for post-mortem results which could take up to three months. "We've started with our investigation, we are now waiting for the post-mortem results which will establish what was the real cause of death. It's then we will decide on the next step of the investigation. No one has been arrested yet but we have started with our investigation," said Mavela Masondo, Gauteng SAPS spokesperson. Attempts to get comment from the care centre failed.