Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane is yet to decide if she'll grant the president extra time to respond to the Bosasa allegations. Courtesy #Dstv403 JOHANNESBURG - Public Protector, Busisiwe Mkhwebane, says she's still deciding whether to accede to President Cyril Ramaphosa's request for more time to answer to the allegations that he violated the executive ethics code. This in relation to the controversial R500,000 donation from Bosasa. READ: Ramaphosa investigated by Public Protector Mkhwebane wants Ramaphosa to answer to the allegations by next week, but the President is asking for another week's grace. The DA asked the Public Protector late last year to investigate whether President Cyril Ramaphosa had misled Parliament. He initially said a R500,000 payment to his son Andile, from Bosasa CEO, Gavin Watson, was payment for work done. Ramaphosa later corrected his response to Parliament, saying it was, in fact, a donation to his campaign for ANC president. He claimed he had no knowledge of this. READ: DA calls for release of Ramaphosa donation report The DA's now demanding the Public Protector make her findings known immediate. "This matter has been going on for a long time. By the rules, she's supposed to compile a report within 30 days of the decision to investigate. It's now almost six months. Now we are seeing versions of the report, which creates unnecessary speculation," said Solly Malatsi, DA spokesperson. The president also wants to cross-examine witnesses, including DA leader Mmusi Maimane. READ: I did not lie about Bosasa: Ramaphosa "It will be extraordinary for him to interrogate Maimane. The manner in which the PP gathers evidence during the compilation of reports is the prerogrative of the PP. The president has to answer the questions in front of him," Malatsi said. In a letter to the DA, Mkhwebane states as soon as she gets Ramaphosa's response, she can finalise her report. 
The DA says if Ramaphosa's found to have lied to MPs, he should lead by example, and step down.