Paddy Upton during the CSA coaching clinic held at Dan Qeqe on October 21, 2011 in Port Elizabeth. CAPE TOWN  - When you're struggling in the Cricket World Cup, the last thing you need is to come up against India, who are one the favourites. With two defeats already, the Proteas are dealing with being labelled "chokers" once again. READ: Dale Steyn ruled out of the World Cup The Proteas have had the worst start to the Cricket World Cup and former Proteas backroom staff member Paddy Upton expressed his views around the "C-word" Two defeats and that word, often associated with the team at ICC tournaments, has reared its ugly head. Paddy Upton was part of the Proteas coaching team at the 1996 World Cup. “The actual reality of it is we are not nearly as big chokers as what the label has now stuck on the players....only one team can win a World Cup every four years and the rest all lose. We probably gave it away in 1999 with the run-out and we made a mistake here in 2004 with the Duckworth Lewis method...but those things happen. So no, we are not chokers, but maybe that label has actually stuck on some of the players and when they get into those situations", Uptop said. Upton won the World Cup as part of the Indian team in 2011 and shares his advice on how to approach the tournament. READ: Phehlukwayo hopeful SA can still survive World Cup “There are five or six teams that have got the players and have got the plans to be able to win the World Cup. The difference for me is going to be which team is going to arrive at the qualifiers with the most number of their big-name players on form. Quite closely tied into that is probably the team who’s managed their players best during the five or six weeks in the round robin, that the stress is low that the intensity is just at a level to be able to qualify", he said. The Proteas face the former star-studded world champions from the sub-continent next and will need to take their own fate into their hands if they are to stay alive in the tournament.