Cedric Frolick was first appointed as Parliament’s house chairperson responsible for committees and oversight in 2010. Courtesy #DStv403 CAPE TOWN - The ANC’s Cedric Frolick has retained his job as Parliament’s chair of chairs, despite state capture allegations hanging over his head. Frolick was first appointed as Parliament’s house chairperson responsible for committees and oversight in 2010. He has been accused of having corrupt links to the facilities management company, formerly known as Bosasa. The ANC originally offered the job to Nomvula Mokonyane, but she withdrew her nomination to Parliament. In 2017, Cedric ordered four parliamentary portfolio committees to investigate state capture but in March, former Bosasa executive Angelo Agrizzi claimed Frolick was paid R40 000 a month to be a go-between for the company and politicians. The DA proposed Anneli Lotriet for the job of chair of chairs, saying this was in the interest of multi-party democracy but the ANC says it’s not about to outsource power to the opposition because it would be problematic for the governing party. WATCH: EFF walk out on Gordhan during Sona debate The National Assembly plenary sitting also approved members to represent Parliament in the Pan-African Parliament, the Southern African Development Community Parliamentary Forum and designated members to serve on the Judicial Service Commission and the Magistrates Commission. National Assembly Speaker Thandi Modise and National Council of Provinces Chairperson Amos Masondo will lead Parliament’s representatives in the Pan-African Parliament. Modise will also lead Parliament’s representatives in the Southern African Development Community Parliamentary Forum and on the Judicial Service Commission. The MPs drawn from the African National Congress, the Democratic Alliance, the Economic Freedom Fighters and the Inkatha Freedom Party, are: Pan-African Parliament – Thandi Modise, Amos Masondo, Pemmy Majodina, Thembekile Majola, Julius Malema Southern African Development Community Parliamentary Forum – Thandi Modise, Desmond Moela, Tshitereke Matibe, Darren Bergman, Hlengiwe Mkhaliphi, chairperson of the Multiparty Women’s Caucus (this position will be filled when the committees of the National Assembly elect their chairpersons) Judicial Service Commission – Thandi Modise, Gratitude Magwanishe, Vusumuzi Xaba, Advocate Gynnis Breytenbach, Julius Malema, Narend Singh Magistrates Commission – Dorries Dlakude, Qubudile Richard Dyantyi, Werner Horn, Godrich Gardee