Viktoria Modesta (her stage name) was 20 when she chose amputation "for medical and psychological reasons". PARIS - "Bionic showgirl" Viktoria Modesta, who is set to take the stage at the risque Crazy Horse cabaret in Paris next week, says she has had to reinvent herself after being treated as an outcast over her artificial leg. Born in Latvia under Soviet rule with a malformed left hip and leg due to an accident at birth, Viktoria Modesta (her stage name) was 20 when she chose amputation "for medical and psychological reasons". With her intense look and black outfit, dark hair pulled into a bun and long nails painted in metallic colours, the 31-year-old recounted her origins, recalling her debut in a private salon with red walls and dimmed light in an ambience known as "nude chic". "They were destroying me as a human being and I had to create my new identity," said Modesta, a British national having emigrated to the UK. "When I was born my mum didn't see me for five days," she told AFP, noting that her mother was pressured at the age of 17 to send her baby to an orphanage. "My mum... saved me from being sent away somewhere," she said. "Growing up as a kid, it was a lot of adults making decisions on my behalf. And not all of them were correct and I ended up in a situation where my creative spirit didn't align with my physical ability and I really wanted to fix that." The performer said she grew up in an "extreme environment", with those who were not "biologically accurate" treated as "second-class citizens". "I felt so outcast that I had to build my own new identity." - 'Your body, you truly own' - The amputation was a watershed moment, giving her a chance to regain control of her body and make a break with a painful past. She has said previously that she chose to have her leg amputated below the knee to "improve mobility and safeguard future health". It took her five years to persuade surgeons to do the operation, which she described as literally severing the thing that was holding her back. In Paris, she will perform at the world famous Crazy Horse nightclub from 3 to 16 June, using a different prosthesis for each scene, surrounded by dancers with only lighting effects to cover their nudity. In one number, an "artistic prosthesis" breaks ice and it has already been viewed 12 million times on YouTube. In 2012 Modesta performed at the closing ceremony of the Paralympics in London wearing a diamond prosthesis before a crowd of some 90,000. She said she thought then: "The fact that I had an amputation doesn't make me different. There are millions of people with the same physical situation, it's my perspective and my view on the world that really made things different."