South Africa's Jean-Marc Johannes is a Guinness World Record Holder in skateboarding and hopes to compete at the Olympics. eNCA's Justin Ford spoke to him. JOHANNESBURG - For many, skateboarding is just a hobby or a means to get around but not for South Africa's Jean-Marc Johannes. He is a Guinness World Record Holder in the sport and hopes to compete at the Olympics. The 28-year-old has been involved in skateboarding for 18 years. After winning a competition just a year into it, he knew this is his rightful path. READ: Semenya, Van Niekerk named in SA world championship team "I started skateboarding when I was 10 years old, and the one thing that attracted me to the sport was the creativity behind it. You could come into the sport as your own, there wasn't a right or wrong way to do it. That's the one thing that attracted me, it wasn't like any other sport. But I think when I won my first contest, that's when I started to see it a little bit more different. I saw it at a very young age, at the age of 11, and I obviously something told me that there is a lot more to the sport than I realized."
The sport has grown in popularity. Ollies, nollies, and kickflips are even taking skaters to the Olympics. Johannes hopes to represent his country at the global showpiece next year.
"The possibility of being part of Team SA for 2020 and 2024 is more than a dream come true. When I started skateboarding in Athlone. It's something that I never thought was possible. It's something that, it doesn't just motivate me, it tells me that anything is possible. What I once thought was impossible, is now achievable, not just for me, but other athletes in SA and growing up in Athlone, wherever you are." READ: Total pull sponsorship plug on 2024 Olympics over 'eco-Games' International exposure has allowed Johannes to have a sense of how SA skaters compare to the rest of the world.
His next assignment will be the SLS Open in Los Angeles, a league that boasts some of the best skateboard talents. After that, he can focus on preparing for the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo.