Miche Solomons is the woman formely known as Zephany Nurse. JOHANNESBURG – eNCA.com brings you the top five trending stories for the past seven days. Miché Solomon, better known as Zephany Nurse is now speaking out with the release of her book titled 'Zephany'. Five years ago her story made headlines when it was revealed she was stolen as a baby. Speaking about the mother who raised her, Solomon says, she still needs her. "What I want to make very clear in the book is that I'm not condoning what she has done when I speak good things about her. What bad can I say?” Solomons said. "She really took good care of me. I wasn't abused or neglected." The young woman was kidnapped from Cape Town's Groote Schuur Hospital as a newborn. She was reunited with her biological parents when she was 17. Solomon applied to the North Gauteng High Court for the scrapping of an interim interdict protecting her identity. Her affidavit says she believes the interdict was necessary when she was younger. The woman she had known as her mother was arrested in 2015 and charged with kidnapping. She was sentenced to 10-years in prison. Miché Solomon sat down with eNCA's Annika Larsen to talk about why she decided to write the book. #DStv403 File: The ANC in KwaZulu-Natal announced the axing of eThekwini mayor, Zandile Gumede on Tuesday KwaZulu-Natal’s two biggest and most strategic cities will have new mayors within a week. The ANC has redeployed Zandile Gumede and her exco following a dismal performance in eThekwini, the only metro in the province. Themba Njilo and his executive in the provincial capital, Msunduzi in Pietermaritzburg, have been axed too. The ANC in KwaZulu Natal has resolved to remove eThekwini Mayor Zandile Gumede from her position. Courtesy #DStv403 Official MTN logo MTN lost almost two-million subscribers in South Africa in the six months to June and service revenue growth slowed by 3.3-percent in a stubbornly weak economy. MTN, Africa’s telecoms giant, said it had 1.9-million less local subscribers compared to December, bringing the total subscribers to 29.2-million in the period under review, as price-sensitive consumers opted for cheaper data offerings. It has 1.1-million fewer active data subscribers, although postpaid customers increased marginally by 0.1-percent to 5.6-million. MTN chief executive Rob Shuter said that the 1GB promotion had contributed to the decline. “We had our famous 1GB promotion, which we decided was not generating value and we pulled it out of the market. A lot of those SIMs have since become dormant and contributed to the drop in prepaid users,” he said. Shuter said delayed payments under the network roaming agreement with Cell C resulted in a R393-million impairment. “We are evaluating a sustainable solution to the agreement with Cell C,” Shuter said. The Johannesburg Metro Police Department arrested three suspected Rolex Gang members in Fourways. Three suspects believed to be part of the "Rolex Gang" were arrested by Johannesburg Metro Police in Fourways this week. The suspects were arrested while following a potential victim. They were travelling in a red VW GTi and maroon Renault Sandero. The arrests form part of a joint operation with the JMPD's K9 Unit, Hawks, Bad Boyz Security, SAPS and Tracker. Miss SA 2019 Zozibini Tunzi during the Miss South Africa 2019 beauty pageant grand finale at the Time Square Sun Arena on August 09, 2019 in Pretoria, South Africa. Zozibini Tunzi was crowned Miss South Africa 2019. The Eastern Cape beauty takes over the crown from last year's winner Tamaryn Green. Tunzi beat 15 other dazzling young women from across the country to scoop the prestigious crown. The 25-year-old walked away with a lucrative R3-million prize package, which includes a R1-million cash prize, a new car and a fully-furnished apartment for the year of her reign. The Miss SA pageant celebrated its 61st anniversary on Women's Day. The event took place at Time Square in Pretoria. Live from the Sun Arena, Time Square, Pretoria