JOHANNESBURG - South Africa and Argentina are poles apart going into a Rugby World Cup warm-up match in Pretoria on Saturday, just one week after Handre Pollard starred as the Springboks embarrassed the Pumas 46-13. While the South Africans are on the rise and looking increasingly like contenders to win the global championship a record-equalling third time, the Argentines are in the doldrums. Since mid-July, the Springboks have won convincingly at home to Australia and away to Argentina and drawn with world champions New Zealand in Wellington to lift the Rugby Championship for the first time. But the Pumas lost all three matches in the southern hemisphere competition reduced from a traditional six rounds to three because the World Cup kicks off in Japan on September 20. READ: Kolisi back, but Brits leads Springboks in World Cup warm-up Those losses stretched to eight the number of consecutive defeats and they have won only eight of 40 matches since coming fourth behind New Zealand, Australia and South Africa at the last World Cup. The Springboks and Pumas changed coaches since the last World Cup with differing results as Rassie Erasmus turned the tide while Mario Ledesma has been unable to replicate the form of four years ago. Erasmus says he knows "about 80 percent" of his 31 man squad, due to be named on 26 August, and the match at Loftus Versfeld Stadium is the last chance for marginal contenders to impress. The Springboks coach will watch loose forward and first choice captain Siya Kolisi with great interest. READ: Boks call on uncapped front-row duo for Argentina Test Chosen as the first black Test skipper of South Africa last year, Kolisi injured a knee three months ago and this will be his first international appearance of the season. To lift the added burden of the captaincy away from him while he seeks full fitness, Erasmus named veteran hooker Schalk Brits to lead the Springboks this weekend. "This is a temporary measure as Siya may not even play the full first half," the coach emphasised. "He will lead South Africa at the World Cup provided he is fit." South Africa share Pool B in Japan with trophy-holders New Zealand, Canada, Italy and Namibia while Argentina come up against England, France, Tonga and the United States in Pool C.