Sipho Mbule of SuperSport United and Haashim Domingo of Bidvest Wits during the MTN 8, quarter final match between Bidvest Wits and SuperSport United at Bidvest Stadium on August 18, 2019 in Johannesburg, South Africa. Mpho Khiba
JOHANNESBURG - Supersport United booked their place in the semi-finals of the MTN8 with a 3-0 victory over Bidvest Wits at Bidvest Stadium on Sunday. Second half brace from striker Thamsanqa Gabuza and a goal from fellow striker Bradley Grobler were good enough to secure United a spot in the last four of the MTN8 tournament. The Tshwane based side team will join Highlands Park, Polokwane City and Mamelodi in the semi-finals of the top 8. Both teams had a slow start in the first half but it was Matsatsantsa A Pitori who posed more threats, as they could have broken the deadlock before the first stanza but striker Gabuza failed to connect with Evans Rusike's cross. However, last year's finalists United came out guns blazing in the second half, testing Wits goalie Brandon Peterson. Their persistence was finally rewarded in the 55th minute when Bradley Grobler opened the scoring on close range. READ: Polokwane City sinks CT City in MTN8 The Clever Boys striker, Carl Lark had a golden opportunity to level the score immediately on close range but failed to convert Keegan Ritchie's square pass. Newly recruited, Gabuza doubled the score for the visitors with a glancing header after a great cross from defender Siyabonga Nhlapo. Man of the Match Sipho Mbule could have also registered his name on the scoreboard but his well-taken free-kick was saved by Peterson. Gabuza found his second goal of the day when Kudawashe Mahachi was brought down inside the penalty box and referee Thando Ndzandzeka pointed on the spot. The former Orlando Pirates forward made no mistake and converted the penalty to give United a 3-0 win. The semi-finals draw sees United hosting their arch-rivals Sundowns while City will lockdown against Highlands. Semis Draw Supersport United vs Mamelodi Sundowns
Polokwane City vs Highlands Park