Gauteng residents who are still waiting for answers on what killed their loved ones, might finally get some relief. Courtesy #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG - Gauteng residents who are still waiting for answers on what killed their loved ones, might finally get some relief. There is a backlog of 80,000 forensic samples that need to be tested countrywide and now, an academic forensics mortuary, built by the provincial government, is expected to alleviate the pressure. The building has been under construction since November 2016 but government is adamant the project isn't running behind schedule. Last week, eNCA reported on the young parents from Soshanguve who lost their six-week-old baby at a clinic in December 2017. The baby died under mysterious circumstances – and the family was told to expect pathology results in approximately ten years’ time. READ: Organ-snatching doctor sentenced to 10 years There is a massive backlog of 80,000 samples nationwide and Gauteng Premier David Makhura is confident the new facility will make a dent in this number. “This facility will help a lot for those particular cases where the reasons behind a loved one dying are not known,” Makhura said. “Hillbrow was too small and overtime it could not cope with the new technology we are going to have here. The state of the art technology will help us a lot especially in circumstances where families want to know”. READ: Gauteng health department faces R1.1bn in negligence claims The Gauteng government is hoping the Academic Forensic Mortuary will help to deal with the pathology and forensic lab backlogs at both a provincial and national level. Makhura says families who want answers about the deaths of their loved ones should no longer have to wait five, even up to 10 years for closure. R500 million is being invested in the building and it is expected to be fully functional by June next year.  #ForensicPathology Gauteng Premier @David_Makhura is visiting the construction site of a new Johannesburg Forensic Pathology Laboratory in Rossmore near the Helen Joseph Hospital in Johannesburg. He s with Infrastructure MEC Tasneem Motara. pic.twitter.com/e5PQ83r17X  #ForensicPathology The Gauteng Provincial Government is investing more than R500 million for the development of the facility. pic.twitter.com/OyaL0tDt8v  #ForensicPathology last week on @eNCA we reported on the heavy backlog in terms of pathology across the country. Some families are expected to wait 5 or even 10 years before they get closure on the death of a loved one. pic.twitter.com/35SQiYMFhF  Premier @David_Makhura is on a mission to unlock service delivery blockages in the province. Gauteng is going to spend R60 billion on infrastructure projects to drive an agenda for job creation, economic empowerment and spatial transformation #GrowingGautengTogether pic.twitter.com/KjRwmrmuxd  The R500 million state-of-the-art facility is going to replace the Joburg Forensic Pathology Mortuary in Hillbrow #GautengatWork #GrowingGautengTogether pic.twitter.com/MefeE17mb1  An artist impression of the new Joburg Forensic Pathology Lab in Rossmore. Upon completion, the 650-person storage academic facility will be used as an educational space with auditoriums, workspace and medical-procedure observation rooms for medical professionals & students pic.twitter.com/UJ903icIxk