The stories of the remarkable women who played an important role in the struggle against apartheid often remain untold. eNCA pays tribute to the women of the liberation – in a series of stories about struggle, perseverance and survival. There were many casualties in the fight for South Africa’s liberation. Can we ever truly quantify the cost of the struggle? This is the story of Nomonde and Dorothy Calata, wife and daughter of murdered activist Fort Calata. Courtesy #DStv403 There were many casualties in the fight for South Africa’s liberation. Can we ever truly quantify the cost of the struggle? This is the story of Nomonde and Dorothy Calata, wife and daughter of murdered activist Fort Calata. Courtesy #DStv403 There were many casualties in the fight for South Africa’s liberation. Can we ever truly quantify the cost of the struggle? This is the story of Nomonde and Dorothy Calata, wife and daughter of murdered activist Fort Calata. Courtesy #DStv403 There were many casualties in the fight for South Africa’s liberation. Can we ever truly quantify the cost of the struggle? This is the story of Nomonde and Dorothy Calata, wife and daughter of murdered activist Fort Calata. Courtesy #DStv403 The stories of the remarkable women who played an important role in the struggle against apartheid often remain untold. eNCA pays tribute to the women of the liberation – in a series of stories about struggle, perseverance and survival. Courtesy #DStv403 Living in exile during apartheid had a significant impact on many families. This is the story of former ANCWL President Gertrude Shope and her daughter Lyndall Shope-Mafole, founding member of the Congress of the People. Living in exile during apartheid had a significant impact on many families. This is the story of former ANCWL President Gertrude Shope and her daughter Lyndall Shope-Mafole, founding member of the Congress of the People. Living in exile during apartheid had a significant impact on many families. This is the story of former ANCWL President Gertrude Shope and her daughter Lyndall Shope-Mafole, founding member of the Congress of the People. Courtesy #DStv403