Barbie remains the toy of choice for many, and her popularity has never waned. One of the global icons chosen for the 60th anniversary celebrations is our very own Lira. Courtesy #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG - South African musician Lerato "Lira" Molapo has made history after being announced as the first African woman to have her own Barbie doll. The doll was made as part of Barbie’s 60th anniversary which honours extraordinary women from around the world. READ: Barbie celebrates 60 years of evolution "I am proud to announce that I have been awarded a one-of-a-kind Lira Barbie doll, as part of Barbie’s 60th Anniversary Shero campaign celebrating role models who inspire young girls to be all they can be", Lira said on her social media pages. Lira joins a long list of global role models who have also been honoured with a Barbie in their likeness, including US actress Yara Shahidi, model and body activist Rachel Graham and NASA mathematician and physicist Katherine Johnson. I am proud to announce that I have been awarded a one-of-a-kind Lira Barbie doll, as part of Barbie’s 60th Anniversary Shero campaign celebrating role models who inspire young girls to be all they can be. I am the very first African to be bestowed with this honour and I’m simply thrilled to be honoured in this way.  #barbie60 #YouCanBeAnything #MoreRoleModels A post shared by  @Miss_Lira Loves Life (@miss_lira) on Aug 6, 2019 at 1:27am PDT I’m deeply honoured to be Barbie’s first African role model and am excited to align with brand that is on a mission to show girls more diverse role models. I have always been someone who endeavours the celebration of my skin tone and natural hair, and it is amazing to see this reflected in my doll which I hope will inspire girls across the African continent. This is an enormous gesture and affirmation that the world is celebrating Africa for who we are. #Barbie60 #MoreRoleModels #YouCanBeAnything A post shared by  @Miss_Lira Loves Life (@miss_lira) on Aug 6, 2019 at 2:53am PDT