Cyril Ramaphosa hit the bulls eye, when he became president. Now, it seems he is the target. Ramaphosa will appear in Parliament this afternoon. Courtesy #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG - President Cyril Ramaphosa will have his work cut out on Thursday when he answers questions in Parliament. Ramaphosa is expected to answer questions from opposition MPs. Here are tough questions that Ramaphosa will have to answer. Contracting economy Ramaphosa will have to tell MPs and the country about the government's plans to deal with the slow economic growth and high unemployment. The country's economy declined in the first quarter and unemployment climbed to an 11-year high. CR17 Campaign DA leader Mmusi Maimane wrote to the Speaker of the National Assembly, Thandi Modise, to be allowed to ask Ramaphosa to answer questions on CR17 payments to at least 4 cabinet ministers. EFF leader Julius Malema is also expected to ask the President about the details of his fundraising campaign. Bosasa Ramaphosa will be asked, “whether he intends to institute a full-scale, independent inquiry, headed by a retired judge to be selected by the Chief Justice, to further investigate all allegations of state capture that involves Bosasa, now known as African Global Operations.” Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane has found that Ramaphosa deliberately misled Parliament in relation to a donation from Bosasa.  Ramaphosa initially said the R500, 000 payment was made to his son for services rendered. He later retracted the answer and clarified that it was a donation to his ANC presidential campaign. NHI The President will be questioned on the National Health Insurance bill. What will be the benefits of NHI and the state of readiness of the country? Land reform and agriculture Ramaphosa will give a reply on whether he intends to implement the recommendations of the Presidential Advisory Panel on Land Reform and Agriculture, which was released in July. He will also answer questions on race relations and how he plans to strengthen social cohesion among diverse race groups.