At the British Grand Prix at Silverstone in mid-July, Red Bull managed to change the four wheels of Pierre Gasly's car in a mind-boggling 1.91sec. PARIS - Blink and you miss it. In the last few weeks, the cutting-edge of Formula One technology, coupled with old-fashioned muscle and hand-eye co-ordination, has witnessed record-breaking pit stops. At the British Grand Prix at Silverstone in mid-July, Red Bull managed to change the four wheels of Pierre Gasly's car in a mind-boggling 1.91sec. The Red Bull Racing team made history at Silverstone by stopping the clock at just 1.91 seconds during Sunday's race. However, last weekend at the German Grand Prix in Hockenheim, that lightning-fast manoeuvre was made to look almost pedestrian when the Red Bull team got race winner Max Verstappen rebooted in a new world record time of a staggering 1.88sec. The average in the sport is closer to three seconds. "It's so fast that you do not even have time to see the guys change the wheels," said Gasly. "You are focussed on the light (which tells the driver that he can start off again) you are already pressing on the accelerator. It is an incredible job on the part of the mechanics." Until this season, the previous record was 1.92sec, jointly held by Red Bull at the 2013 US Grand Prix on the car of Australian driver Mark Webber and Williams at the European Grand Prix in 2016 in Azerbaijan with Brazil's Felipe Massa at the wheel. "Going under two seconds is difficult because we are touching the limits of human performance," said Red Bull boss Christian Horner. "It's like the 100m. We are still beating the record, but the progress is becoming slimmer and slimmer." Developments in technology have also been crucial. For example, teams have perfected the power guns used to unscrew and screw in wheels. "The equipment plays a key role, of course, but the human factor is much more important," insisted the Red Bull chief. "It's training, training and more training. It's hard to quantify, but the mechanics train almost every day at the factory and of course on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays during a Grand Prix weekend."