Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane is being used to fight factional battles, and to deepen divisions within the governing party. That's the word from Deputy State Security Minister and ANC NEC member Zizi Kodwa. #Dstv403 JOHANNESBURG - Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane is being used to fight factional battles, and to deepen divisions within the governing party. That's the word from Deputy State Security Minister and ANC NEC member Zizi Kodwa. This after reports surfaced that he received funds from the CR17 campaign account. WATCH: No ANC leader will be captured by monopoly capital: Mbeki Kodwa's admitted to receiving R50,000 but says it had nothing to do with the Cyril Ramaphosa's presidential campaign. He is questioning why the Public Protector finds herself in the political space. Kodwa says Mkhwebane must ask herself whether some of her findings are fueled by factions in the ANC. “It's unfortunate that the Public Protector finds herself in the political space. I think those who came before her were careful not to play to the gallery and be used by factions, and it’s a matter of analysis whether indeed some of the judgments played into factions of the ANC or were fueled by certain influence of political factions. READ: CR17 banking records sealed "You are talking about Estina for example, there are a number of questions that are being raised, but the question is why did she decide to close her eyes and not listen. There are some issues with some of her reports and judgments that she has presented and some of the irrationalities that have now been proven by the court of law, whether indeed she acted rationally in terms of those decisions and the PP must act against irrationality. Who will defend and protect the PP against irrationality.” The under-fire ANC NEC Member says there's a well calculated and systematic approach to undermine President Ramaphosa. Kodwa says South Africans must ask themselves why the Public Protector turned a blind eye on the Estina Dairy farm matter.