File: ANC veteran Mavuso Msimang said the party needs to deal with Secretary-General Ace Magashule. JOHANNESBURG - From the important to the shocking, here is a recap of the week in news, in videos. READ: Deal with Magashule, says ANC veteran Msimang ANC veteran Mavuso Msimang said the party needs to deal with Secretary-General Ace Magashule. Veterans are accusing certain party members of trying to divert attention from corruption. ATM President, Vuyolwethu Zungula addresses claims that Ace Magashule and Jacob Zuma helped start the party. #Dstv403 READ: Nedbank in talks with 1,500 staff over potential job cuts Nedbank Group is in talks with about 1,500 employees over potential job cuts at the South African lender’s retail and business-banking division to cope with a struggling economy and increased competition. South Africans must brace themselves for mass job losses. READ: New documentary explores Mandela’s different side The life of former president Nelson Mandela continues to be celebrated. A new six-part documentary series is exploring a side of Mandela that many South Africans may not have been exposed to. The life of former president Nelson Mandela continues to be celebrated. Now a new six part documentary series is exploring a side of Mandela that many South Africans may not have been exposed to. Courtesy #DStv403 READ: ANC disbands Youth League ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule announced the disbandment of the ANC Youth League. The league was supposed to hold its elective conference last year but failed to do so. Some disgruntled ANC Youth League members in KwaZulu-Natal have gathered at the party's provincial headquarters. They say the league has failed to champion matters that affect young people. Courtesy #DStv403 Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane and President Cyril Ramaphosa squared off in the North Gauteng High Court on Thursday. The matter was initially scheduled to be heard in court on Tuesday, but no judge was assigned so it was postponed to Thursday. Ramaphosa wants to interdict Mkhwebane’s remedial action which instructed him to discipline Public Enterprises Minister Pravin Gordhan. The Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane and President Cyril Ramaphosa will face one another in the North Gauteng High Court today.