Constitutional Court judge Edwin Cameron has spoken of the increasing pressure on the apex court over the past ten years. He also spoke highlighted the increasing caseload the court has to deal with. He was giving his farewell speech at a special sitting of the Concourt. #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG - South Africa's apex court judges must be prepared for tough times where justice and democracy will be tested to the limit. This was the warning sounded by Justice Edwin Cameron at a special sitting of the Constitutional Court to honour him ahead of his retirement. He is stepping down from the Constitutional Court after 25 years as a judge. WATCH: Justice Edwin Cameron retires "Tough times lie ahead for all those committed to democracy, governance under the law and to social justice for all people of our country and not the enrichment of the rich elite. The fight for our constitutional values is now more urgent than ever," he said. Chief Justice Mogoeng Mogoeng also praised Judge Edwin Cameron's contribution to the fight against HIV and Aids. “A brave and bold man. When HIV and Aids attracted stigma he declared openly that he is  HIV positive. He knew the attitude of South Africans at the time. His love for multitudes of South Africans and many across Africa and beyond would not allow him to shut up.” Chief Justice Mogoeng Mogoeng has praised Judge Edwin Cameron's contribution to the fight against HIV and Aids. He was speaking at a special sitting of the Constitutional Court to bid farewell to Cameron who is due to retire soon. #DStv403 Cameron worked as a human rights lawyer during apartheid and defended ANC members. In 1999, he revealed that he was HIV positive and fought for HIV/AIDS and gay-rights activism. WATCH: Mogoeng maintains judiciary is independent In his first book, Witness to AIDS, he talks about his struggle with the illness. Cameron was appointed to the Constitutional Court in 2008 by then acting president Kgalema Motlanthe and served in the role for 10 years and eight months. The Constitutional Court will honour Justice Edwin Cameron upon his retirement.