As we continue to commemorate Women’s Month, one individual who played a huge role in politics is Lindiwe Mazibuko. She's the former DA parliamentary leader and now she's started the Apolitical Academy to address the public service leadership crisis. Courtesy #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG - Former DA parliamentary leader Lindiwe Mazibuko weighed in on the controversy surrounding President Cyril Ramaphosa's ANC campaign funding. Leaked emails that have been published in media reports suggest Ramaphosa was in the loop about campaign funding for his ANC presidency bid, despite his previous denials. READ: Presidency: 'Ramaphosa committed no crime' Mazibuko says Ramaphosa is not doing enough to address issues around him. “I think it is devastating that it requires half a billion rand to contest an internal election in our country today,” Mazibuko said. “That is something we need to infiltrate, think about and talk about. “President Ramaphosa and other leaders like him have a duty in our country to measure themselves in terms of ethics by more than just the standard of the law.” There needs to be renewal in private and public sector Mazibuko says the state of leadership in the country is dire, both in the private and public sector. She said there needs to be a sense of renewal for the country to go forward. “We still have essentially the founding fathers of our democracy leading the political charge and no sense of renewal either in the private sector or the public sector,” she said. "And when I talk about renewal, I don't necessarily mean from an age perspective, but from a sense of in order to future proof an organistaion. You have to do succession planning, you have to train the next generation of ethical leaders, that doesn't seem to be happening, either in the public or private sector, there's sort of a group of older dons who run both sectors and its something that needs to fundamentally change,” Mazibuko said. Watch the full interview in the video gallery above as Lindiwe Mazibuko unpacks the state of leadership in the country