File: Serena Williams heads to the US Open chasing an elusive 24th record-equalling Grand Slam. NEW YORK - In the twilight of her remarkable career, Serena Williams is more often the sentimental favourite rather than the bettors' choice. But the 37-year-old American will be both as she heads to the US Open chasing an elusive 24th record-equalling Grand Slam. Despite fitness concerns and a title drought that stretches back to the 2017 Australian Open, bookmakers are backing Williams to match Margaret Court's record haul and the New York crowds, as always, will be in her corner when play gets underway on Monday at the Billie Jean King National Tennis Center. A six-time champion at Flushing Meadows, Williams was once money in the bank when it came to the US Open. During a dominating run, she lifted the trophy three years in succession from 2012. READ: Serena to begin 2020 season with return to Auckland Since Wimbledon, Williams has played one event. Her hardcourt preparations were limited to the Rogers Cup which ended with the former world number one in tears when she was forced to quit the final against Bianca Andreescu after just 19 minutes after suffering back spasms. The problem has lingered and led to Williams withdrawing from Cincinnati, and once again raised questions about her ability to withstand a two-week grind on the New York hardcourts. "The most frustrating part is that I've had this before and it's, like, 24, 36 hours where I'm just in crazy spasm and then it's gone," said Williams after her Rogers Cup disappointment. "I'm just taking it a day at a time." Williams may not strike fear into opponents as she once did but few, if any, will welcome having her on their side of the draw. READ: Halep beats Williams to win Wimbledon singles title Time is no longer on Williams' side in her quest for a 24th Grand Slam trophy. "Someone told me I shouldn't look at the records any more," said Williams. "I should just focus on my game. "I feel like I'm just really on this journey of just doing the best that I can, playing the best that I can when I can. "I just go out there and play, see what happens. That's kind of how I've been in my whole career. "I never thought about time in general."