Hashim Amla will continue to be available for domestic cricket as well as the Mzansi Super League and other T20 leagues in the world. Courtesy #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG – Proteas batsman Hashim Amla has announced his retirement from international cricket. Cricket South Africa said Amla will continue to be available for domestic cricket as well as the Mzansi Super League. In an international career spanning over 15-years, he played 349 matches across the three formats for the Proteas, making more than 18 000 runs, including 55 centuries and 88 other scores in excess of 50. Amla is South Africa’s only test triple centurion in international cricket with a high score of 311 not out against England. The 36-year-old also holds the South African record of 27 ODI centuries. During a brief spell as captain, he led the Proteas to a rare Test series win in Sri Lanka. READ: Faf remains Proteas Test captain He was named SA Cricketer of the Year in 2010 and again in 2013. In the same year, the Durban-born player was ranked the number one batsman in Test cricket. “Firstly, all Glory and thanks to the Almighty for granting me this Proteas journey which has been nothing but a joy and privilege,” Amla said. “I learnt many lessons during this incredible ride, made many friends and most importantly shared in the love of a brotherhood called #proteafire. “I would like to thank my parents for their prayers, love and support, it is their shadow over me that enabled me to play for years under the Protea sun. “Also, My family, friends and agent, my teammates and every member of the support staff throughout this incredible journey. A heartfelt thank you to every one of you! “The fans for energizing me when times were tough, and for celebrating with me when we succeeded together. Siyabonga South Africa! “And, of course, a very special thanks to the President and the Board at Cricket South Africa – not forgetting the Chief Executive, Mr Thabang Moroe, and his administrative team. I really appreciate all the opportunities and am truly grateful.”