File: Population growth, climate change, economic and agricultural expansion and deforestation are all placing greater pressures on the world's water supplies. LONDON - Efforts to share rivers, lakes, and aquifers that cross national boundaries are falling short, raising a growing risk of conflict as global water supplies run low, researchers warned. Fewer than one in three of the world's trans-boundary rivers and lake basins and just nine of the 350 aquifers that straddle more than one country have cross-border management systems in place, according to a new index by the Economist Intelligence Unit. READ: Tshwane denies water crisis despite residents' outcry With more than half the world's population likely to live in water-scarce areas by 2050 and 40 percent dependent on trans-boundary water, that is a growing threat, said Matus Samel, a public policy consultant with the Economist Intelligence Unit. "Most trans-boundary basins are peaceful, but the trend is that we are seeing more and more tensions and conflict arising," he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. Population growth, climate change, economic and agricultural expansion, and deforestation are all placing greater pressures on the world's limited supplies of water, scientists say. As competition grows, some regions have put in place relatively effective bodies to try to share water fairly, the Economist Intelligence Unit report said. Despite the worsening drought, the Senegal River basin, shared by West African nations including Senegal, Mali, and Mauritania, has held together a regional water-governance body that has attracted investment and support, Samel said. READ: KZN community without water for weeks Still, even in tough political situations, "there are ways ... countries and local governments and others can work together to make sure conflicts do not emerge and do not escalate," he said. "The benefits of cooperation go way beyond direct access to drinking water," he said. "It's about creating trust and channels for communication that might not otherwise exist." The report suggests national leaders make water security a priority now, link water policy to other national policies, from agriculture to trade, and put in place water-sharing institutions early. "There are no easy solutions or universal solutions," Samel warned. "But there are lessons regions and basins can learn and share." The index has yet to examine many hotspots, from the Nile River and Lake Chad in Africa to the Indus river system in India and Pakistan, but Samel said it would be expanded in coming years.