File: Chris Froome says he is ahead of schedule in recovering from the accident in France in which he broke his neck, femur, elbow, hip and ribs. LONDON - British cycling great Chris Froome is determined to bid for a record-equalling fifth Tour de France crown next year after the horrific injuries he suffered in a crash ruled him out of this year's edition. The 34-year-old Kenya-born rider -- whose Ineos team-mate Egon Bernal won the world's greatest cycling race last month -- says he is ahead of schedule in recovering from the accident in France on June 12 in which he broke his neck, femur, elbow, hip and ribs. Froome, who is undergoing three to four hours of physio and two hours of exercises a day, told Team Ineos in his first interview since the accident -- which occurred when he took one hand off the handlebars to blow his nose -- strange as it sounded his injuries could have been far worse. READ: Froome 'progressing positively' after crash: doctor "It's safe to say I'm ahead of all the predictions made initially of how long it would take," he said. "The news from the surgeon when he said I could make a full recovery and there's nothing stopping me -- that's all I wanted to hear at that point. "From then, everything was so positive. I was incredibly lucky not to be more seriously injured." Froome, who has seven Grand Tour victories to his name (two Vuelta and one Giro being the others), said all he was targetting was being alongside his team-mates at next year's Tour de France. "For me the underlying goal is to get to the start line in 2020 and be at a similar or better position than I was this year," he said. "That's what is driving me at the moment." READ: Froome has surgery, in intensive care after high-speed crash Froome, who will have strong competition from within the team as to who is team leader next year with both Bernal and 2018 winner Geraint Thomas likely to be lining up, said his initial thought after coming off his bike was would he be fit for this year's Tour de France. "I can remember lying on the ground and the first responders coming over to me," said Froome. "My coach Tim Kerrison, Garry Blem, my mechanic, and Servais Knaven, my director, were all in the car behind me. "I can remember speaking to them and my first question was 'can I get back on my bike' and 'am I going to be alright for the Tour de France?'. "They very quickly put that out of my mind. They made it very clear that I wasn't moving anywhere and I should lie still and that I wouldn't be carrying on the rest of the race (Criterium du Dauphine a key prep race for the Tour)."