Mxolisi Nxasana revealed explosive details at the state capture inquiry, of an apparent campaign to have him removed as NPA head. #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG - Mxolisi Nxasana's revealed explosive details at the State Capture Inquiry. He told the inquiry of an apparent campaign to have him removed as head of the National Prosecuting Authority. The names of former president Jacob Zuma, as well as former senior prosecutors, Nomgcobo Jiba and Lawrence Mrwebi feature prominently.
Nxasana says he learned of the campaign to have him removed through an NPA staff member who had an audio recording to back up his claims. LIVESTREAM: Former NPA boss returns to state capture inquiry "Colonel Mhlongo told Joubert that advocate Jiba had said that I am not a good person to be appointed as a national director at NPA. And that he must try and get any dirt about me." Nxasana says he then learnt of a rumour he was going to charge former president Jacob Zuma. "I believed that advocate Jiba and Mrwebi, in running their campaign to get me removed from the NPA, they also peddled some misinformation tot eh president that I intended to reinstate charges against him. That I say because every corner I went, I was confronted by the same question." He says this led to Zuma developing a negative attitude towards him. "It was very strange for the president to behave in the manner he behaved. Because all of a sudden he had an attitude against me, he didn't want to see me at all. And I got that from reliable sources, people very close to him." When he finally met with the president he was told of another rumour involving former NPA head, Bulelani Ngcuka. READ: Nxasana: There has been political interference at NPA "Then I remember he said to me is "you know, one of the things people had said to me is that I was meeting Bulelani Ngcuka, who was the first national director of the NPA. And he said the information he had is that I was meeting Ngcuka at a certain flat in Durban and those people were even prepared to show him the flat where Ngcuka and I would meet. And he said to me, mfanikiti, once people mention the name of Ngcuka I simply go crazy because that person, referring to Ngcuka, hates him." Deputy Chief Justice, Raymond Zondo's asked for the recording backing up these claims to be played at the inquiry. Nxasana returned to the inquiry after his testimony was halted last month because he wanted to implicate Jiba.