A witness in El Paso, Texas, describes helping children evacuate Cielo Vista Mall after hearing multiple gunshots. EL PASO - Witnesses said the gunman who killed 20 people on Saturday at a packed Walmart store in Texas, appeared to be shooting at random when he opened fire around 10.30am. One woman, who gave her name as Vanessa, said she had just pulled into the Walmart parking lot when the shooting began. "You could hear the pops, one right after another and at that point as I was turning, I saw a lady, seemed she was coming out of Walmart, headed to her car. She had her groceries in her cart and I saw her just fall," she told Fox News. The witness said the gunman wore black t-shirt, combat trousers and was wearing earmuffs. "He was just shooting randomly. It wasn't to any particular person. It was any that would cross paths." Another shopper described how he managed to avoid being hit by hiding along with his mother between two vending machines just outside the store. "That's where the individual tried to shoot at me, which he missed cause I kind of ducked down," Robert Curado told the El Paso Times. READ: Gunman kills 20 at Texas Walmart store in latest US mass shooting Video captured by a witness in the parking lot in the immediate aftermath of the shooting showed three people lying motionless on the ground. One had fallen next to a truck, while two were on the sidewalk outside the store entrance. " Ambulance! Help!" people cried as they rushed to the victims. "How you doing, brother, how you doing," one man was heard saying on the recording. A still captured from CCTV showed the gunman carrying what appeared to be an AK-47. It has been a particularly bad week for gun violence in the United States. Two people died and a police officer was wounded Tuesday at a Walmart in Mississippi. Last Sunday a 19-year-old gunman opened fire at a food festival in northern California, killing three, including two children. Witness videos capture the terrifying scene around an El Paso, Texas, mall where a gunman opened fire. Police say the gunman, possibly armed with a military-style rifle, began spraying people with bullets as they shopped at an El Paso Walmart.