A secret crime intelligence fund bought private cars and flights for senior officials, and the ear of some journalists. Courtesy #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG - A secret crime intelligence fund bought private cars and flights for senior officials and the ear of some journalists according to senior Hawks investigator Kobus Roelofse. Roelofse detailed alleged criminal activity within crime intelligence structures, starting at the very top. Roelofse has told the State Capture Inquiry his attempts to investigate were often obstructed. A lot of Roelofse’s testimony focused on a crime intelligence slush fund, stocked with public money, and run like a private piggy bank. “On several occasions, he had to arrange for General Mdluli and his wife and two children to fly up to Joburg and back to Cape Town,” Roelofse said. "These visits were private in nature and paid for by the Secret Services Account.” READ: State Capture Inquiry chair wants answers from Hawks The General Mdluli Roelofse is referring to there is former spy boss Richard Mdluli. Another very senior crime intelligence official, Solomon Lazarus, allegedly used a state safe house for a year at taxpayers' expense. “The premises were rented only for the period that General Lazarus and his family made use of it,” Roelofse said. “It was exclusively furnished with monies from the Secret Services Account.” Roelofse says a Colonel Naidoo, who will testify before the inquiry, told him certain journalists served their purpose. “General Lazarus wanted to use sources within the media to write a story in order to take the focus away from them. This, according to Colonel Naidoo, is a strategy employed to cast suspicion on those perceived to be a threat,” he said. READ: Hawks are 'being dramatic': Malema “He stated that reporters are used to publish and withhold articles to drive a certain narrative. According to Colonel Naidoo, these reporters are paid from the Secret Services Account,” Roelofse said. Roelofse’s testimony continues on Wednesday.