School children hold an image of Zimbabwe's then President Robert Mugabe during the country's 37th Independence Day celebrations at the National Sports Stadium in Harare. HARARE - Robert Mugabe, who led Zimbabwe with an iron fist from 1980 to 2017, has died aged 95, the country's president announced on Friday. First heralded as a liberator who rid the former British colony of Rhodesia of white minority rule, Mugabe used repression and fear to hold on to power in Zimbabwe until he was finally ousted by his previously loyal military generals. WATCH: ANC reacts to Mugabe's passing "It is with the utmost sadness that I announce the passing on of Zimbabwe's founding father and former President... Robert Mugabe," Emmerson Mnangagwa said in a tweet. "Mugabe was an icon of liberation, a pan-Africanist who dedicated his life to the emancipation and empowerment of his people. His contribution to the history of our nation and continent will never be forgotten." Mugabe had been battling ill health, and his humiliating fall from office in November 2017, his stamina seeped away rapidly. He was hospitalised in Singapore for months for an undisclosed ailment, Mnangagwa had confirmed earlier this year. Former Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe (C) is watched by his daughter Bona (L) and wife Grace as he casts his vote at a polling station located in a primary school in the Highfield district of Harare during the country's general elections on July 30, 2018. Zimbabwe former President Robert Mugabe addresses the media during a press conference held at his "Blue Roof" residence in Harare, on July 29, 2018. Zimbabwe goes to the polls on July 30, 2018 in its first election since authoritarian leader Robert Mugabe was ousted last year, with allegations mounting of voter fraud and predictions of a disputed result. Zimbabwe's Prime Minister Robert Mugabe. Mugabe, Zimbabwean first Premier (in 1980) and President (in 1987), was born in Kutama in 1924 (formerly Southern Rhodesia). South African President Nelson Mandela (L) and Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe are garlanded by girls after Mandela's arrival in Harare for a three-day state visit 19 May. In this file photo taken on August 22, 2013, Zimbabwean then President Robert Mugabe looks on during his inauguration and swearing-in ceremony at the 60,000-seater sports stadium in Harare. Zimbabwean Prime minister and leader of the ZANU party, Robert Mugabe, is seen, in March 1980, in Harare. Zimbabwe's Prime Minister Robert Mugabe clenches his fist, in July 1984 in Harare stadium during a meeting. Cuban President Fidel Castro (C) shares a laugh with Zimbabwean President Canaan Banana (R) and Zimbabwean Prime minister Robert Mugabe (L) as he arrives in Harare, for 8th non-aligned summit in Zimbabwe, on August 31, 1986. US President George Bush (R) talks with Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe (L), 24 July 1991, after their spoke to reporters about their discussions. Mugabe is on a three-day offical working visit to the US. South African anti-apartheid leader and African National Congress (ANC) member Nelson Mandela (C) is welcomed by Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe (2nd L) as he arrives in Zimbabwe, 04 March 1990, in Harare. Britain's Queen Elizabeth II with President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe and his wife Grace, pose for photographers after being the Queen's guest at Buckingham Palace in London on March 5, 1997. South African President Nelson Mandela, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, Yoweri Museveni of Uganda and Omar el Beshir of Sudan address the media 31 August, at the start of a two day summit in Pretoria 31 August. President Laurent Kabila (L) of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) is guided, 07 August by his Zimbabwean counterpart Robert Mugabe (R) upon his arrival at Victoria falls airport. South African's new president Thabo Mbeki (R) and his Zimbabwean counterpart Robert Mugabe greet football fans at a football game in Soweto between South Africa and Zimbabwe 16 June 1999. United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan (R) shows Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe (L) to his chair in the United Nations Security Council 24 January, 2000. Rwandan President Paul Kagame (L) looks on while sitting next to Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe during a State Dinner for the Africa-France Summit in Bamako on January 13, 2017. School children hold an image of Zimbabwe's then President Robert Mugabe during the country's 37th Independence Day celebrations at the National Sports Stadium in Harare. President Robert Mugabe kisses his wife and first lady Grace Mugabe during during the country's 37th Independence Day celebrations at the National Sports Stadium in Harare April 18, 2017. Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe (L) shakes hands with Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the start of their talks at the latter's official residence in Tokyo on March 28, 2016. China's President Xi Jinping (2nd R) shakes hands with Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe (2nd L) as he arrive on December 1, 2015 in Harare. Minister Tony Blair (L) chats with President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe 24 October in Edinburgh, before the start of the Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting.
G File: A military coup forced former president Robert Mugabe to resign in 2017 after 37 years in power.