Former Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe wasn't known for mincing his words. Courtesy #DStv403 HARARE - Several countries hailed Zimbabwe's late ex-president Robert Mugabe on Friday as a liberation hero -- though his fierce critic, former colonial power Britain, recalled the suffering and repression of his rule. Here is a selection of top world reactions to his death. - Nigeria: 'founding father' - Mugabe "fought for the independence of the country from colonial rule, and lived most of his life in public service," said President Muhammadu Buhari of Nigeria, hailing him as the "founding father" of a nation. - Kenya: 'end of an era' - Mwai Kibaki, Kenyan president from 2002 to 2013, said Mugabe's death "marks the end of an era in Africa. It closes the chapter of Africa's founding presidents whose commitment to the emancipation of the people of Africa remains enduringly remarkable." - US: 'betrayed his people's hopes' - The United States on Friday blamed Robert Mugabe for impoverishing Zimbabwe and said he "betrayed his people's hopes," following the guerrilla-turned-strongman's death at age 95. The State Department in a brief statement extended condolences to anyone in mourning but sharply criticized the 37-year rule of Mugabe. "We continue to support the aspirations of the Zimbabwean people for a better, more prosperous future," she said. - China: 'outstanding leader' - "Throughout his life, he has firmly defended the sovereignty of his country, opposed foreign interference, and actively promoted China-Zimbabwe and China-Africa friendship and cooperation." - Russia: 'great contribution' - - UK: 'Zimbabweans suffered' - - Namibia: 'tenacious fighter' - In Namibia, which cast off South African rule in 1990, a decade after Zimbabwe won independence from Britain, President Hage Geingob hailed Mugabe as a warrior. - Tanzania: 'brave, determined' - Tanzania's President John Magufuli tweeted in Swahili: "Africa loses a brave, determined leader, an Africanist who turned the rejection of colonisation into action. May God let his soul rest in peace." - Zambia: place in history - - EU: democratic future -