The Old mutual board has ten days to prove it was not in contempt of court by barring former CEO Peter Moyo from returning to work. Courtesy#DStv403 JOHANNESBURG - Old Mutual has been given ten days to prove it's not in contempt of court over the Peter Moyo matter. READ: Peter Moyo back in court against Old Mutual The company is refusing to let the axed CEO back into his office despite a court order nullifying his dismissal.
Old Mutual's on-again-off-again CEO, Peter Moyo, brought this application when the company refused to let him go back to work, despite the high court order. The insurer has been given a deadline to explain why.
Judge Cassim Moosa said, "the respondent shall within 10 days of the date thereof deliver the answer to the further evidence." "Five, the applicant shall if necessary deliver his reply therefore within five days of delivery of the answering affidavit of the respondents." "Six, five days thereafter the applicant shall deliver his heads of argument to which the respondent must deliver the response." Moyo was fired for a second time late last month. He has now submitted that letter as evidence before the court, something Old Mutual fought hard to prevent. Moyo's lawyer, Eric Mabuza said, "first, they said the directors were not before <the> court, they also tried to prevent the letter from being admitted but the letter is before <the> court." "It also held that the directors are before <the> court so there are no other technicalities, other than Old Mutual that needs to explain what it was trying to do with the second letter." Moyo has also spoken about the resignation of board member, Nombulelo 'Pinky' Moholi, saying it's not a coincidence. READ: Nombulelo Moholi resigns from Old Mutual Moyo said, "you don't just wake in the midst of all of this and resign. So there has got to be some issues." "It is a statement of fact that the board was in meeting on Monday and Tuesday, she resigned on Wednesday. She has been on the board for seven years." Heads of argument are expected to be heard in the next 30 days. In the meantime, it appears Moyo is in limbo