This year’s official event is taking place in Upington in the Northern Cape. The theme is “celebrating South Africa’s literary classics in the year of indigenous languages”. Courtesy #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG - Tuesday is Heritage Day. This year's official event is taking place in Upington in the Northern Cape. READ: SA marks Heritage Day The theme is  "Celebrating South Africa's literary classics in the year of indigenous languages" and celebrants and activists are calling for greater attention to be paid to indigenous languages. Over 30,00 people are expected to take to the streets to showcase their heritage. Courtesy of #DStv403 Music, dance, fashion and arts will be the order of the day on the streets of Tshwane for Heritage Day. READ: Heritage Day: South Africa's food diversity Over 30,000 people are expected to take to showcase their heritage, in what is being called, Gauteng's boldest and brightest carnival. A number of Heritage Day events are taking place around the country on Tuesday. DA leader Mmusi Maimane is at an event outside the Nelson Mandela National Museum in Soweto. Courtesy #DStv403 The Democratic Alliance is marking Heritage Day at the Mandela House Museum. The party will be commemorating South Africa's language and cultural diversity. READ: 'Diverse' DAs new leadership more of the same The DA's Director of Communications Mabine Seabe said, "we're here today under the banner of working towards a shared tomorrow. SA is a deeply divided nation." "We're going to use this platform to speak out against gender-based violence, xenophobia and also ensure that we can put forward policies for the economy." King Goodwill Zwelithini will pay tribute to King Shaka at Stanger High School in KwaDukuza on Tuesday. 24 September was previously known as ‘Shaka Day’ before becoming Heritage Day. Courtesy #DStv403 King Goodwill Zwelithini will pay tribute to King Shaka at Stanger High School in KwaDukuza as part of the day's festivities. READ: South Africans celebrate their cultural heritage 24 September was previously known as Shaka Day before becoming Heritage Day. King Zwelithini will begin the day's activities at the grave of Shaka and will proceed to various other commemorative activities.