England's prop Ellis Genge (C) is tackled during the friendly rugby union Test match between England and Italy at St James Park in Newcastle on September 6, 2019. SPONSORED: Another bumper day of Rugby World Cup action awaits on Sunday with three matches lined up for you to feast on. The first encounter of the day sees Italy take on Namibia and it’s an encounter that sees two sides used to being used as the whipping boys in most competitions square off. Italy are ranked 14th in the world and Namibia are 23rd. It’s a match that probably won’t get you excited to jump out of bed in the morning but it does mean more betting propositions. Italy are expected to get the job done quite comfortably and are quoted at 1/50. It would appear that this will be a one-sided contest. On the Handicap, Italy (-29.5) vs Namibia (+29.5) is at 9/10 and Italy (-30.5) vs Namibia (+28.5) is given at even money. The two sides have met three times before, twice in 1991 and Italy lost both encounters. It was a different story a decade later when Italy claimed a 49-24 win. There’s also a glaring discrepancy when you look at how each side have gone through 2019. Namibia have had just two fixtures this year and they were against fellow minnow sides Russia and Uruguay. Italy on the other hand have faced top opposition during a tough Six Nations campaign and while they were winless they were able to string together some good play albeit in patches. They fared far superior when meeting Russia, handing them a 85-15 drubbing. Namibia lost 20-0 to the same opposition. Back to the betting. For those who like an interest early, there’s 12/10 on a Line Out being the first stoppage in play. 5/2 for a penalty or free kick and 5/2 for a scrum. A try as the first stoppage is at 12/1. There’s a tempting 11/2 offered on Italy to win by +44 points. One gets the feeling they may just run through this Namibia side. If you think there’s the possibility of it being a bit more closely fought then take 22/10 on Italy by 1-15. Either team to win both halves, which is likely to be Italy, is at 7/20 for a yes and 19/10 if you don’t think so. If you’re wanting to have a bet on Total Points Odd / Even you can get 9/10 whichever way you decide. It may not mean much but two of the three previous encounters between these two have ended in an even number total score. Not the most riveting match for the  early Sunday morning viewing but perhaps a game to add into those weekend multiples with what looks a definite banker in Italy.