File: Rassie Erasmus sprang a surprise by selecting veteran hooker Schalk Brits, 38, to captain the XV but from the unfamiliar position of No 8. TOKYO - South Africa coach Rassie Erasmus said Wednesday the Springboks' Pool B match against lowly Namibia was an "ideal opportunity" to rest key players as he made 13 changes from the side that lost to the All Blacks. READ: Du Toit to replace injured Nyakane in Springbok squad Only outside centre Lukhanyo Am and wing Makazole Mapimpi keep their places after Saturday's energy-sapping 23-13 loss to the defending champions. And Erasmus sprang a surprise by selecting veteran hooker Schalk Brits, 38, to captain the XV but from the unfamiliar position of No 8. Brits, 38, will deputise as captain for the benched Siya Kolisi, becoming the second-oldest Springbok to appear at a World Cup after Victor Matfield. Herschel Jantjies and Elton Jantjies make up a namesake halves pairing while the likes of Steven Kitshoff, Eben Etzebeth and Cheslin Kolbe join Kolisi on a high-quality bench. "This gives us an ideal opportunity to rest guys who are vital for us in the big, big games," said Erasmus, eyeing a possible quarter-final match-up with in-form Ireland. "It is a 'nice-to-have', and it covers a few things for us and gives us proper game time for other players," added the coach. He said he would probably give Mbongeni Mbonambi a "proper start of 50-70 minutes" and then move Brits to his more familiar role of hooker. "To have 31 guys here for what will hopefully be an eight-week tournament for us, you have to try and rotate your hookers," said Erasmus. While acknowledging that the Springboks would go into the match overwhelming favourites at the City of Toyota Stadium, he said he was expecting a physical challenge from the African neighbours. "If we play to our full potential, we should win those games," he said, also referring to the other Pool B match against Canada. However, Erasmus also acknowledged that the gap between the top teams and the also-rans has shrunk. "You don't get 100 points, 80 points and 70 points anymore -- it's been shown in the first week," said Erasmus. South Africa (15-1) Warrick Gelant; S'Busiso Nkosi, Lukhanyo Am, Frans Steyn, Makazole Mapimpi; Elton Jantjies, Herschel Jantjies; Schalk Brits (capt), Kwagga Smith, Francois Louw; Lood de Jager, RG Snyman; Vincent Koch, Mbongeni Mbonambi, Tendai Mtawarira Replacements: Steven Kitshoff, Thomas du Toit, Eben Etzebeth, Siya Kolisi, Franco Mostert, Cobus Reinach, Damian de Allende, Cheslin Kolbe