Several areas around Gauteng have suffered from violence and looting since the past weekend. JOHANNESBURG - South Africa was on tenterhooks this week. The ashes of hundreds of businesses - local and foreign-owned - smouldered as the tides of violence and brazen criminality swell across many parts of the country. A democracy on fire, shops looted and livelihoods destroyed. WATCH: Nigerian consul general calls for decisive action against looters As the days passed, the body count was rising Police intelligence has been tasked with finding out who’s behind it. After almost two days of mayhem, President Cyril Ramaphosa condemned the anarchy. File: Police believe the victims were probably burnt when shops in the area were set alight. Violence and looting is continuing in some Gauteng areas. Police cordon off Sontonga Mall in Katlehong after overnight looting September 2019 The Sontonga Mall in Katlehong on the East Rand has been targetted. Protesters vandalise a post office in Katlehong 3 September 2019. The Sontonga Mall in Katlehong in Ekurhuleni, east of Johannesburg, has been targetted. Violence erupted in parts of Katlehong, leading to the looting of shops, mostly foreign-owned. Several areas around Gauteng have suffered from violence and looting since the past weekend. The Sontonga Mall in Katlehong in Ekurhuleni, east of Johannesburg, has been targetted. A looted shop in Katlehong during violence 4 September 2019 Violence and looting is continuing in some Gauteng areas. Residents of the Jeppe Men Hostel wave sjamboks as they march in the Johannesburg CBD. Police officers patrol Alexandra after Gauteng was hit by a new wave of violence. A man kicks a burning piece of furniture during a riot in Turffontein. Looters try to break into an alleged foreign-owned shop during a riot in Turffontein. There was overnight looting at the Pan Africa shopping mall in Alexandra township. Violence and looting erupted in the Joburg CBD. Several shops and cars were set alight. Violence and looting erupted in the Joburg CBD. Several shops and cars were set alight. Violence and looting erupted in the Joburg CBD. Several shops and cars were set alight. All that remains of a car that was set alight in Johannesburg during protests in Johannesburg on Monday night. Over 90 people have been arrested for looting shops and damaging property in Johannesburg and surrounding areas. On Monday, looting and burning of shops rocked the Johannesburg CBD. Johannesburg was under siege on Monday as shops were looted and infrastructure vandalised. A man injured during unrest in Johannesburg on Monday has died. Chaos has erupted across Johannesburg and Tshwane on Monday. Cars were set alight and shops looted in Malvern and Jeppestown. Cars were set alight in Malvern near Jeppestown in the CBD on Sunday.