File: Just six players remain from the Japan team who toppled the Boks four years ago, while the visitors are virtually unrecognisable from the last World Cup. TOKYO - Coach Jamie Joseph insisted that World Cup hosts Japan will have no fear going into their final warm-up against revenge-seeking South Africa after naming a strong team. The last time the teams met, hitherto tournament no-hopers Japan stunned the Springboks 34-32 on the English south coast in their opening game of the 2015 World Cup -- an upset of such seismic proportions a movie about it has just been released. READ: Erasmus names team to face Japan Adamant there will be no sequel, Joseph's opposite number, South Africa coach Rassie Erasmus, named a full-strength side for Friday's encounter in Kumagaya, north of Tokyo. The return to the starting line-up of Springbok captain Siya Kolisi after injury is the only change to the team that drew 16-16 with the All Blacks in Wellington six weeks ago on the way to capturing their first Rugby Championship since 2009. "We're elated that coach Erasmus has picked what I think is their strongest line-up," Joseph said after countering with a starting 15 led by talismanic captain Michael Leitch, now recovered from a lengthy groin problem. READ: Boks lose 32-34 to Japan in historic defeat RWC2015 "It shows respect and it gives our players something to look forward to. I've faced a lot of questions this last week about if I think it's a risky game before the World Cup but unless we play the best teams, we'll never get a true measure of where we are." Joseph, who took over from Eddie Jones after the last World Cup, has set a target of reaching the quarter-finals for the first time and the Brave Blossoms limbered up by winning the Pacific Nations Cup over the summer. Just six players remain from the Japan team who toppled the Boks four years ago, while the visitors are virtually unrecognisable from the last World Cup. READ: Kolisi to lead Springboks in Rugby World Cup "Last time we played against South Africa, they were just so above us," said Leitch, who famously defied Jones by refusing a late penalty kick that would have drawn that game in Brighton to go for the game-winning try. "But human against human, we're quick, we have power and we can create confidence to play against South Africa."