Female protesters are accusing police of manhandling them. JOHANNESBURG - eNCA.com brings you the top five stories of the past seven days. The protesting students are demanding that security on campus be boosted. Murdered university students Uyinene Mrwetyana and Jesse Hess were laid to rest on Saturday. The women, both aged 19, were killed in separate incidents. Statistics show eight women are killed each day in South Africa with government saying at least 30 were murdered by their partners during Women’s Month alone. President Cyril Ramaphosa is promising perpetrators will face the full might of the law and he says government is considering declaring a state of emergency over gender-based violence. Ramaphosa's words come too late for Uyinene Mrwetyana and other victims of the scourge of rape and femicide in South Africa. Police have fired stun grenades and water cannons at the World Economic Forum in Cape Town. A looted shop in Katlehong during violence 4 September 2019 South Africa was on tenterhooks this week. The ashes of hundreds of businesses - local and foreign-owned - smouldered as the tides of violence and brazen criminality swell across many parts of the country. A democracy on fire, shops looted and livelihoods destroyed. As the days passed, the body count was rising Police intelligence has been tasked with finding out who’s behind it. After almost two days of mayhem, President Cyril Ramaphosa condemned the anarchy. eNCA reporter Aviwe Mtila is there. #DStv403 In this file photo taken on August 22, 2013, Zimbabwean then President Robert Mugabe looks on during his inauguration and swearing-in ceremony at the 60,000-seater sports stadium in Harare. Former Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe died on Friday at the age of 95. Mugabe had been battling ill-health at a Singapore hospital. He regularly travelled to that country for medical check-ups. Mugabe ruled Zimbabwe for nearly four decades and was ousted from power in November 2017. He resigned as Parliament was starting impeachment proceedings against him. Zimbabwean President Emmerson Mnangangwa says Mugabe dedicated his life to the empowerment of his people. Mnangangwa says his contribution to history and the continent won't be forgotten. A look back at the life and legacy of Zimbabwe's long-serving former President, President Robert Mugabe. Courtesy #DStv403 Amy'Leigh de Jager (6) was kidnapped by four men in front of Laerskool Kollegepark in Vanderbijlpark on Monday morning. The family of the little girl who was snatched from outside her school in Vanderbijlpark on Monday can breathe a sigh of relief. Amy'Leigh de Jager’s kidnappers initially demanded a ransom but instead, they left the six-year-old on the side of the road in the early hours of Tuesday morning. She has been reunited with her family. Three suspects have been arrested in connection with the kidnapping. Two women and a man, were arrested at their homes in Vanderbijlpark late on Wednesday. One of the suspects is known to the De Jager family. Police spokesperson Brigadier Vishnu Naidoo said the possibility of more arrests could not be ruled out and appealed to anyone with information to come forward. #DStv403 Finance Minister Tito Mboweni at World Economic Forum on Africa 5 September 2019 Technology has the potential to help overcome many of Africa’s developmental challenges. Experts say the potential of the Fourth Industrial Revolution in Africa, is limitless. Exactly how countries plan to achieve this will be a key focus at the World Economic Forum Africa in Cape Town. Government says the WEF Africa will be a platform to showcase what it’s doing to prepare for the challenges between technology and people. Finance Minister Tito Mboweni together with WEF Head of Africa Elsie Kanza will address the media ahead of their discussion on the African economy.