10 September 2019 - Foreign nationals spent the night in a hall in Katlehong, too afraid to return to their homes. Some, hope that things will get better. Others are fleeing to their home countries, fearing further xenophobic attacks. 10 September 2019 - Foreign nationals living in Katlehong, sleep on the floor at a community hall. Many of them plan to flee South Africa, fearing for the safety of their families. 10 September 2019 - Many foreign nationals, seeking refuge in a community hall in Katlehong, fled their homes with few personal belongings. Some are returning to their home countries with nothing. 11 September 2019 - Early in the morning, Nigerian nationals gather at the consulate as they prepare to leave South Africa. 11 September 2019 - Nigerian citizens queue to get onto a bus that will transport them to the airport. A private airline agreed to send two planes to South Africa to transport Nigerian citizens home. 11 September 2019 - Some Nigerian citizens say they're taking their families home because they have to ensure the safety of their children. This family is seen walking to the departures hall at OR Tambo International Airport. 11 September 2019 - A long queue of Nigerian nationals formed at the departures hall at OR Tambo International Airport. There was a delay in processing some of the people because of expired passports, documents for their children and excess luggage. 11 September 2019 - Back in Katlehong, foreign nationals gather at a hall where some are awaiting the opportunity to leave the country. 11 September 2019 - Among the personal posessions stacked on the ground at a Katlehong refuge centre, a framed picture of former president Nelson Mandela. 11 September 2019 - While they wait, life in one of the foreign nationals' camps in Katlehong carries on with residents completing daily chores. 11 September 2019 - Metro police officials escort foreign nationals to their homes in Katlehong to retrieve their personal items. They're too afraid to risk being attacked when they go back to their homes. 11 September 2019 - Immigration officials and metro police officers set up a make-shift immigration centre in Katlehong, registering foreign nationals who are waiting to flee South Africa back to their home countries.