Today is D-day for Sascoc to implement the recommendations of the Zulman Inquiry report. eNCA's Hloni Mtimkulu has more. Courtesy #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG - Tuesday is a day of reckoning for Sascoc to implement the recommendations of the Zulman Inquiry report. The inquiry was set up to investigate alleged maladministration at the sporting body. WATCH: Sascoc releases maladministration report Many years of unhappiness over activities at Sascoc lead to previous Sports Minister Thulas Nxesi setting up the Zulman Inquiry. The hearings ran over nine days in February and March 2018 and the report was submitted in August but was only released in December. In an effort to rebuild the credibility of the sports body, there were recommendations which included: restructuring of the board and management of Sascoc, a process to be done by an Independent Committee. Sascoc’s resistance to this resulted in a war of words between the organisation and current Sports Minister Tokozile Xasa. While the subsequent tension was resolved, Sascoc was adamant it would implement the recommendations on its terms. READ: Ministerial report recommends Sascoc overhaul “The key one was of cause the election of the president. We have agreed that the president will be nominated by the federations. The president and all board members will follow a vetting process by a vetting committee. Once that vetting has taken place, the nominations go back to the mentorship and the elective process takes place”, said Sascoc vice president, Barry Hendricks. At the same time, Xasa appears to have now toned down on her tough talk about the inquiry report. “I am expecting a report at the end of the month. We’ll look as to how far they’ve gone in terms of implementation. They would have outlined which ones are short-term, and which ones are medium, moving forward, so from there, we’ll look into what then”, said Xasa. Sascoc was set to work with an appointed administrator to give monthly reports to the Minister on the progress of the findings. This process was to start in January, but also seems to have been hit by delays. READ: Accusations fly at Sascoc inquiry “The process of implementing the report is going very smoothly. I’m expecting the first report at the end of this month, which is those monthly reports that we agreed on”, Xasa added. Xasa has given reassurances that there is cooperation from Sascoc, with some stability returning to the ailing sports body.