eNCA's Dasen Thathiah is in Pemba, Mozambique, where the Rescue SA team is assisting locals. Courtesy #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG - Heavy rain in northern Mozambique is hampering rescue operations in the aftermath of cyclone Kenneth. The government says at least 38 people have died since the storm hit Pemba last Thursday. It caused severe flooding. But as the rain continues, fears are growing of more flooding in the region. Cyclone Kenneth flattened entire villages in Mozambique's Cabo Delgado province. Officials estimate 35,000 homes were destroyed along a 60-kilometre stretch of coastline. READ: 10 things to know about Cyclone Kenneth It's also destroyed infrastructure and crops. The high winds and storm surges caused severe flooding. Continuous rain is now hampering efforts to stabilise the area. “From the 27th to the 28th of April, nearly 170 millimetres of rain fall. From the 28th to the 29th of April it was more than 250 millimetres. These are huge amounts of rainfall, falling into, falling onto already water loaded soils. The rivers are already full, it is the end of the rainy season,” said Clare Nullis of the World Meteorological Organisation. “So, the, the results have been, you know, pretty catastrophic as my colleagues here have been describing with severe flooding, severed transport links and cut-off communities,” Nullis added. Officials fear the death toll will rise further as they make their way to remote areas. “Moving around the streets in Pemba it is clear a number of houses are damaged and will need repairing and communities are organising themselves to clean up streets and remove the sand and debris brought by the storms. Despair is evident. As bad weather conditions still persist access to the most remote places remains difficult. There are reports of people who are completely isolated and in need of rescue,” said UNHCR spokesperson, Charlie Yaxley. Just six weeks ago Cyclone Idai destroyed the port city of Beira, further south. Deadly floods submerged entire villages, killing over a thousand people across Mozambique, Zimbabwe and Malawi.