File: Meghan, Duchess of Sussex and Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex attend "The Lion King" European Premiere at Leicester Square on July 14, 2019 in London, England. JOHANNESBURG - Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are using the holiday season to pay tribute some of their favourite charitable causes. In a post on Instagram, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex highlighted 12 charities in honour of "12 Days of Christmas". READ: Meghan Markle named World's Most Powerful Dresser "Continuing our monthly tradition of highlighting accounts that do good, and inspired by the “Twelve Days of Christmas” - we have selected twelve organisations caring for those in need - especially at this time of year. "There are, thankfully, so many organisations around the world doing good on global and grassroots levels, many of which are not on Instagram", read the caption to the post. In November, the couple announced that they would not be spending Christmas with the rest of the royal family, instead, they will spend the holiday season with Meghan's mother in the United States. With the festive holiday season upon us, it’s also a reminder to reflect on those in need – those who may feel lonely, hungry, homeless, or may be experiencing the holidays for the first time without loved ones. It’s an important time of year to help those around you who may be less fortunate, or who would appreciate even the smallest act of kindness. Continuing our monthly tradition of highlighting accounts that do good, and inspired by the “Twelve Days of Christmas” - we have selected twelve organisations caring for those in need - especially at this time of year. There are, thankfully, so many organisations around the world doing good on global and grassroots levels, many of which are not on Instagram. Check out the accounts we have chosen and please share those in your own communities that are making a difference. We would love to hear about the ones that inspire you - so please tell us and add your country’s flag! Images used are from the accounts we are now following. A post shared by  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex (@sussexroyal) on Dec 1, 2019 at 10:09am PST