JOHANNESBURG - Her name dominated headlines after the bodies of her children were found wrapped in blankets. 25-year-old Zinhle Maditla is serving four life sentences for killing her children. They died after she gave them food laced with rat poison. READ: NGO's look for solutions to child murder Kevin Balance, a relative, said they miss their missing family members and are trying to cope with the loss.
8-year-old Minenhle, 6-year-old Blessing, 4-year-old Shaniqua, and 11-month-old Ethan were last seen alive on Christmas Day last year.
Days later a foul smell from a rented room led to a gruesome discovery and the arrest of their mother, Maditla.
She handed herself over to the police. Maditla confessed to the murders saying she "lost it" after she found her lover and the father of two of her children with another woman.
 A psychiatric evaluation deemed Maditla fit to stand trial.
Before the trial could even get underway, Maditla admitted guilt. She said she mixed atchar with rat poison and fed it to the older children, then lacing her breast with poison to dose the youngest, Ethan.
She took to the stand and begged for mercy, apologising to her family, mother, and the father of her children.
Her pleas were not enough to assuage the judgment.
Judge Sheila Mphahlele said, "the most aggravating factor is that the perpetrator is the mother. Their mother was meant to nurture and protect them ... these children suffered a prolonged and painful death … what is most disturbing is that these acts took place at home which is supposed to be their safe haven in the company of their mother." READ: The gruesome truth about child deaths in South Africa In other cases, social-emotional and biological factors have also been cited. One of the most influential classifications of child murders was created in the '70s by Philip Resnik. He developed five categories: altruistic filicide, acutely psychotic filicide, unwanted child filicide, accidental and spousal revenge filicide.
This will be the Maditla family's first Christmas without the children while Zinhle serves her four life sentences.