President Cyril Ramaphosa is meeting Eskom's management to discuss the electricity crisis. The president cut short his visit to Egypt to attend to the Eskom crisis. JOHANNESBURG - Eskom scaled back power cuts on Wednesday, providing relief to mining companies that were able to restart operations hit earlier this week by the worst blackouts in a decade. A week of heavy rains across parts of South Africa has caused flooding, leading to evacuations and aggravating problems at the cash-strapped and indebted power company, which has been struggling to keep the lights on since 2008. Eskom said it planned to reduce national grid supplies by 2,000 megawatts (MW) on Wednesday, down from a 6,000 MW reduction on Monday. READ: Eskom's problems don't have a quick solution: expert But Eskom said plants continued to perform with low levels of reliability and the probability for load-shedding "remained high for the rest of the week." The power cuts, which have disrupted the supply of electricity to businesses and households across South Africa, dealt a further blow to an economy already teetering on the brink of recession. READ: Political parties weigh in on Eskom and load-shedding Mining firms including Harmony Gold and Sibanye-Stillwater were forced to cut production on Monday because of power shortages. Sibanye-Stillwater said its underground operations had resumed on Tuesday afternoon but would still operate with 10 percent less power than normal. "We lost a day's shifts. It will have an impact on quarterly results. It will be noticeable," said James Wellsted, spokesman for Sibanye-Stillwater. "It's a cumulative impact of all the different stages of load curtailment." READ: Mines shut down operations amid load-shedding and floods Harmony said on Wednesday it had also resumed shifts at its underground mines on Tuesday afternoon. Impala Platinum, which on Tuesday said its losses due to the power cuts had amounted to 120 million rand, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Petra Diamonds restarted operations at its Cullinan, Finsch and Koffiefontein mines on Tuesday evening after halting them on Monday when asked by Eskom to reduce its electricity load. READ: Gordhan: Eskom's load-shedding a 'manageable crisis' President Cyril Ramaphosa, who cut short a state visit to Egypt as the power crisis deepened, was scheduled to meet Eskom's management on Wednesday.