On Sunday, 1 December at 7pm, eNCA takes a critical look at the country’s water woes in a special debate titled ’The Uncomfortable Truth’. The Department of Water and Sanitation estimates that we lose 37 to 41% of our available water to leaks, at an estimated cost of R6-billion a year. JOHANNESBURG - The Department of Water and Sanitation estimates that South Africans lose 37 percent to 41 percent of our available water to leaks at an estimated cost of R6-billion a year. eNCA took a critical look at the country’s water woes in a special debate titled  ’The Uncomfortable Truth’. According to the Department of Water and Sanitations’s own research, more than half of our sewerage systems are dysfunctional, putting our water sources at risk. Minister Lindiwe Sisulu recently unveiled a national water masterplan to ensure our water security for the next decade. It comes with a hefty price tag of R900 billion. But experts in the water sector are saying that they have been conducting research and tabling their findings for years but no-one in government has bothered to implement their research findings. Courtesy #DStv403 Human Settlements, Water and Sanitation Minister Lindiwe Sisulu recently unveiled a national water masterplan to ensure our water security for the next decade. The plan calls for: - A new facility to manage water supply and mitigate risks due to drought; - Support for municipalities in providing water supply and sanitation services; - Stringent regulation of the country’s rivers, lakes and underground water; - A proposal for a National Water Resources and Services Authority to be established. It comes with a hefty price tag of R900-billion. According to the Department of Water and Sanitations’s own research, more than half of our sewerage systems are dysfunctional – putting our water sources at risk. In a special eNCA debate, we look at our ailing water systems. Courtesy #DStv403 But experts in the water sector are saying that they have been conducting research and tabling their findings for years, but no-one in government has bothered to implement their research findings. In this debate, a critical audience did not shy away from pointing fingers at the Department of Water and Sanitation’s perceived role in our water woes. Courtesy #DStv403