File: AFP's fact-check service debunks misinformation spread online. HONG KONG - AFP's fact-check service debunks misinformation spread online. Here are some of our recent fact-checks: 1. Hong Kong elections False claims about Hong Kong's recent district council elections were shared thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter. One prominent hoax claimed the elections were due to be staged on November 25, not November 24. Despite the disinformation, the elections saw a record turnout and huge gains for pro-democracy candidates. 2. Cancer hoax A Facebook post was shared hundreds of thousands of times which falsely claimed drinking cold water after a meal causes cancer. A similar claim has circulated online in multiple languages for more than a decade. Medical experts told AFP there is no scientific evidence to support the claim. 3. Nigeria hate speech bill Facebook and Twitter posts claimed Nigeria was proposing death by hanging for anyone who spoke out against the government in an anti-hate speech bill currently before the senate. The bill does prescribe the death penalty for hate speech, but only if it is found to have had deadly consequences. A leading Nigerian human rights lawyer said he doubted the national assembly had the power to pass such a bill into law. 4. Venezuela protest An aerial video showing a crowd of people singing during a demonstration was shared by prominent US Senator Marco Rubio with the claim that it showed a demonstration in Venezuela on November 16, 2019. In fact, the video was recorded during a protest in Venezuela on January 23, 2019 when opposition leader Juan Guaido proclaimed himself interim president of the country. 5. Philippines polio disinformation An online article shared hundreds of times on Facebook and Twitter claimed the World Health Organisation (WHO) had "confirmed" the recent polio outbreak in the Philippines was caused by the vaccine for polio viruses. The claim is misleading; the report omitted the fact that the WHO blamed poor immunisation coverage, not the vaccine itself, for polio's reemergence in the country.