Australia's wing Israel Folau attends the captain's run training session at the Principality stadium in Cardiff, south Wales on November 9, 2018, on the eve of their autumn international rugby union match against Wales. MELBOURNE - Former Wallabies fullback Israel Folau has settled his unfair dismissal case with Rugby Australia and Super Rugby team the New South Wales Waratahs, bringing an end to a prolonged and bitter dispute triggered by an explosive social media post. Folau, a fundamentalist Christian, launched legal action after his four-year contract was torn up in May for posting a meme on social media that said hell awaits "drunks, homosexuals, adulterers" and other groups. Rugby Australia (RA) and Folau announced the settlement in a joint statement on Wednesday after being locked in mediation for some 14 hours. RA apologised to Folau and his family in the statement. "While it was not Rugby Australia’s intention, Rugby Australia acknowledges and apologises for any hurt or harm caused to the Folaus," it said. "Similarly, Mr Folau did not intend to hurt or harm the game of rugby and acknowledges and apologises for any hurt or harm caused." Days before entering mediation at the Federal Circuit Court on Monday, Folau had hiked his compensation claim from A$10 million ($6.79 million) to A$14 million for lost income and sponsorship and also reiterated his demand to have his contract reinstated. The terms of the settlement were undisclosed. Folau's social media post in April triggered condemnation by LGBTI activists, former team mates and media pundits. READ: Wallabies star Israel Folau sacked over anti-gay comments It followed another social media post a year before in which he said homosexuals were headed for "hell" if they did not repent, which also caused a media storm and placed RA under pressure from sponsors to act. RA said it was "disappointed" with the first post but did not sanction Folau at the time. The second post moved RA to sack the player for a code of conduct violation and his four-year contract was terminated on the recommendation of a disciplinary panel. His dismissal proved polarising, igniting a dispute that travelled well beyond the rugby pitch and became a touchstone for some in Australia who felt freedom of speech is being eroded. The 30-year-old Folau, who was capped 73 times for the Wallabies after also representing Australia in rugby league, cast his social media posts as quoting scripture and his legal challenge as a fight for religious freedom. READ: Folau 'hurt' Waratahs: teammate Foley He had support from other Wallabies players who shared his Christian faith and Pacific islands heritage, briefly raising fears the issue might drive a wedge through the squad. A fund-raising drive set up by a Christian lobby raised more than A$2 million in donations to help his legal challenge. The statement on Wednesday said Folau's social media post "reflected (his) genuinely held religious beliefs" and that he "did not intend to harm or offend" when he uploaded it. "Mr Folau wants all Australians to know that he does not condone discrimination of any kind against any person on the grounds of their sexuality and that he shares Rugby Australia’s commitment to inclusiveness and diversity," it said. RA said it did not in any way agree with the content of the Folau's post. "Inclusiveness is one of Rugby’s core values and it welcomes all people to the game, including all members of the LGBTI community," the statement said.