11 December 2019 - A fish carcass in the dried dam bed at Inqweba Dam in Graaff Reinet. The once full dam has now become a dumping ground for the marine life which formerly swam in its waters. JOHANNESBURG - Taps in many small towns in the Northern and Eastern Cape have run dry. A severe drought has left residents in fear of when their next possible rainfall may occur and if it will help their current circumstances. Residents are left queueing for water in long queues waiting to collect water from originations like The Gift of the Givers. READ: Northern Cape farmers struggle with drought 200 Jojo tanks and pumps are expected to be installed in Adelaide, Bedford, Graaff-Reinet and Middleburg this week. The drought is not only affecting the community but is also posing a great challenge to agriculture and tourism. 11 December 2019 - Graaff Reinet residents are edging closer to day zero as their taps have begun to dry out due to the drought. The drought has left many small towns in the Northern and Eastern Cape struggling to gain access to water. 11 December 2019 - Graaff Reinet residents have been reliant on Charities such as Gift of the Givers to source their water. It is expected that a Jojo tank will be installed in the town this week however will this be enough to sustain the entire town through the drought. File: One in three people in Africa lacks access to a clean, reliable water source. As the drought continues in Graaff Reinet, the citizens only have access to very little water to complete their daily needs. 11 December 2019 - The dam bed of Inqweba Dam has completely dried out. 11 December 2019 - Adelaide Town dam has dried out due to the severe drought which the town has been undergoing for several weeks. 11 December 2019 - The current drought in Adelaide Town poses a threat to the residents of the town as their livestock begins to feel the effects of the drought. 11 December 2019 - Adelaide Town has become increasingly arid as the drought continues, crops have begun to die and dams have dried out completely. 11 December 2019 - Residents of Adelaide town have had to rely on sources such as Gift of the Givers for their water supply. R11 December 2019 - Residents of Adelaide are closer to day zero as the drought continues. The current solution to the problem is to install Jojo tanks in the town this week.