South African soprano Pretty Yende poses during a photo session at the Garnier Opera House on September 10, 2019 in Paris. JOHANNESBURG - Opera star Pretty Yende has been awarded the Order/knight of the Star of Italy. The Ordine Stella d'Italia (OSI) was awarded to Yende by the Italian consul in Cape Town Emanuele Pollio on Wednesday. READ: Yende leads 'Lucia di Lammermoor' at Paris Opera Yende expressed her gratitude for the honour in a post on Instagram. "Being a recipient of ‘The Order/knight of the Star of Italy’ deeply humbles and fills me with immense gratitude for such and extraordinary decoration", said Yende. The star dedicated the achievement to her mother and sister. This has been the most extraordinary gift I could have ever wished for. Ordine Stella d'Italia (OSI)- an Italian knighthood presented by the Italian Consul in Cape Town Emanuele Pollio. Being a recipient of ‘The Order/knight of the Star of Italy’ deeply humbles and fills me with immense gratitude for such and extraordinary decoration💞#prettyjourney #prettyblessedgirl🤗 A post shared by  P R E T T Y    Y E N D E (@pretty_yende_official) on Dec 10, 2019 at 1:11pm PST I’m able to be and aspire to become what my heart desires to be on this earth in this short time of my life because of many wonderful human beings I’ve got to know and meet in my #prettyjourney. But these ladies standing beside me are my very wings that allow me to fly to the impossible. Strong women who never seize to give me unconditional love and always reminding me that we are all just walking each other home. Each experience and memory is what we truly carry with us in the end. Advising me to seek progress rather than perfection, and that if anything, being and walking in my path, I can never be denied🤗My dear sister and extraordinary talented singer @nombulelo_yende and our precious Rose💞 I AM MY MOTHER’S PRAYERS #mypillarwomen #prettgrateful #prettyblessed 📸 Diane Rossi A post shared by  P R E T T Y    Y E N D E (@pretty_yende_official) on Dec 11, 2019 at 12:37am PST