There's no doubt that 2019 has been a rough year for the country. But despite the doom and gloom, the country has had its moments of glory. Courtesy #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG - There is no doubt that 2019 has been a rough year for the country. However, despite the doom and gloom, the country has had its moments of glory. Below is a list of some of the country's biggest highlights in 2019: Springboks lift the Web Ellis TrophyThe Springboks brought home the Webb Ellis trophy for a third time at the Rugby World Cup in Japan. Siya Kolisi became the first black captain to lead the Springboks to a World Cup victory. Thousands of people took to the streets, in celebration during the countrywide trophy tour. File: Rassie Erasmus and Siya Kolisi will land later than scheduled while several other players will touch down on Tuesday afternoon. Zozibini Tunzi crowned Miss Universe Not only did the country shine on the sports field but also the runway. 26-year-old Eastern Cape beauty Zozibini Tunzi bagged the Miss Universe title. Tunzi beat women from 89 other countries to bring home the crown for the third time. Newly crowned Miss Universe 2019 South Africa's Zozibini Tunzi poses during a press conference after the 2019 Miss Universe pageant at the Tyler Perry Studios in Atlanta, Georgia on December 8, 2019. Royal baby Archie meets Tutu The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's son, Archie received a special blessing on his first visit to South Africa. Archbishop Desmond Tutu met the toddler during the five-day royal visit. Some of the other stars the newest royal met were President Cyril Ramaphosa and former First Lady, Graça Machel. Britain's Prince Harry and his wife Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, holding their son Archie, meet Archbishop Desmond Tutu at the Desmond & Leah Tutu Legacy Foundation in Cape Town, South Africa, September 25, 2019. Ndlovu Youth Choir shines abroad From their humble beginnings in Limpopo, the Ndlovu youth choir went on to take the world by storm. The choir reached the finals of America's Got Talent with their infectious blend of rhythm and beats. They received a heroes' welcome on their return to South Africa and also released a full-length album. The Ndlovu Youth Choir are back on home soil. Trevor Noah makes history Comedian Trevor Noah has had another exceptional year. He has been nominated for both a Critics Choice Award and a Grammy for stand-up comedy, Trevor Noah, Son of Patricia. Noah also had the opportunity, to interview, Miss Universe Zozibini Tunzi. The Daily Show host also became the first African comedian to sell out Madison Square Garden. Miss Universe 2019 Zozibini Tunzi sat down with comedian and Daily Show host Trevor Noah.