File: The Department of Women is now deploying robots to help combat the violence against women and children. JOHANNESBURG - The 16 Days of Activism for No Violence against Women and Children Campaign has come to an end. The campaign, meant to raise awareness, is also a time where women and children should feel safe and heard has come with a fair share of tragedy. Femicide, however, has continued throughout this period. 2019 has been tainted in outrage and protest due to the increasing amount of gender-based violence yet very little change has occurred. The highly-publicized death of Uyinene Mrwetyana shed light on how everyday tasks are unsafe for South African women. The following names are just a fraction of the women who have lost their lives during the 16 days. Precious Rambulana Precious was found stabbed 52 times and died at the age of 21. Her alleged killer had had a brush with the law before he brutally killed Ramabulana. Kwanele Fezile Zuma Kwanele Fezile Zuma was raped and killed while taking a taxi back home in the late hours of the night from a job interview with her brother. She was shot in the back of the head. Sebongile Nkanyane Sebongile Nkanyane's body was found by her boyfriends' father in the yard in Vaalwater 2, Sekgosese. Mapula Mulea Mapula Mulea was allegedly beat with a stick by her boyfriend after a fight broke out between the two of them. She bled to death. READ: Has 16 Days of Activism helped? Gomolemo Legae Gomolemo Legae was stabbed multiple times before she was doused with petrol and set alight. She survived the stabbings but the killer returned to the scene to set her alight. She died at the age of 18. Kgaugelo Tshawane Kgaugealo Tshwane was burned to death in her Mini Cooper by the father of her child. He was later found in possession of her bank card. Nthabiseng Rampai 22-year-old Nthabiseng Rampai was raped and murdered in her bedroom by someone who had broken into the house. Nomvelo Mncube Nomvelo Mncube was allegedly beaten to death by her 25-year-old boyfriend. She was 26 years old at the time of her death.