File: The tariff rate for frozen avocado was cut to 7 percent from the most-favoured-nation duty of 30 percent. BEIJING - China will lower tariffs on products ranging from frozen pork and avocado to some types of semiconductors next year as Beijing looks to boost imports amid a slowing economy and a trade war with the United States. Next year, China will implement temporary import tariffs, which are lower than the most-favoured-nation tariffs, on more than 850 products, the finance ministry said on Monday. That compared with 706 products that were taxed at temporary rates in 2019. The tariff changes were made to "increase imports of products facing a relative domestic shortage, or foreign speciality goods for everyday consumption," the ministry said in a statement on its website. READ: US-China trade pact 'still close': White House The finance ministry said the tariff rate for frozen pork will be cut to 8 percent from the most-favoured-nation duty of 12 percent, as China copes to plug a huge supply gap after a severe pig disease decimated its hog herd. An outbreak of African swine fever that started in August last year has nearly halved China's pig herd, official data showed, sending pork prices soaring to record levels. China will also lower temporary import tariffs for ferroniobium -- used as an additive to high strength low alloy steel and stainless steel for oil and gas pipelines, cars and trucks -- from 1 percent to zero in 2020 to support its high-tech development. READ: China's hottest investment: overpriced sneakers The country brought in 35,909 tonnes of ferroniobium in 2018 and 37,818 tonnes for the first 10 months of this year. The tariff rate for frozen avocado was cut to 7 percent from the most-favoured-nation duty of 30 percent, the ministry said. China's economy is expanding at its weakest rate in nearly 30 years and could face more downward pressure next year, but the government has vowed to keep growth within a reasonable range in 2020 and keep policies forward-looking and effective. READ: China's growth slows in third quarter, weakest in 27 years Tariffs for some asthma and diabetes medications will be set at zero, the ministry said, while duties on some wood and paper products will be lowered too. Import tariffs on multi-component semiconductors will be cut to zero. China will also further lower most-favoured-nation import tariffs on some information technology products from July 1, the ministry said.