In this file photo taken on December 18, 2019 British actor Daisy Ridley (L) and British actor John Boyega (R) pose on the red carpet upon arrival for the European film premiere of Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker in London. LOS ANGELES - The holiday box office proved fruitful for a wide variety of movies as overall ticket sales reached $200 million over the weekend -- a 6.3% boost from last year. Disney and Lucasfilm's "Star Wars: Rise of Skywalker" led the bounty, crossing $361 million in North America after this weekend's $72 million haul. J.J. Abrams' third and final chapter in the sequel trilogy collected $136 million over the five-day Christmas stretch. After less than two weeks in theaters, "Rise of Skywalker" has generated $725 million globally, distinguishing itself as the 10th-highest grossing movie of the year worldwide and seventh-biggest in the U.S. Greta Gerwig's "Little Women" is also bringing holiday cheer, generating $16.5 million during the weekend and $29 million since Wednesday to land at No. 3. That's a solid result for Sony and New Regency, which shelled out $40 million to produce the film. Gerwig, who wrote and directed "Little Women," proved that seventh times' a charm for Louisa May Alcott's literary classic. The movie -- starring Saoirse Ronan, Florence Pugh, Timothee Chalamet, Emma Watson and Laura Dern -- has received rave reviews from critics and audiences alike. Slightly lower on box office charts, A24's suspense thriller "Uncut Gems" debuted at No. 7, collecting $9.5 million over the traditional weekend and $18.8 million since opening on Wednesday. That marks the indie distributor's biggest five-day launch to date despite the film's C+ CinemaScore from audiences. U.S. ticket sales currently sit at $20 million, already making it one of the specialty studio's highest-grossing films. Directed by brothers Josh and Benny Safdie, "Uncut Gems" has found itself in the awards conversation for Adam Sandler's dramatic turn as a jewelry maven and gambling addict. After "Rise of Skywalker," Sony's "Jumanji: The Next Level" and Disney's "Frozen 2" eclipsed newcomers on box office charts. Dwayne Johnson and Kevin Hart's action sequel has pocketed a huge $59 million since Wednesday, propelling its domestic tally to $175.45 million. READ: Force is still with 'Star Wars' at North America box office Meanwhile, the animated follow-up to 2013's "Frozen" generated $16.5 million over the weekend and $26 million during the five-day holiday frame. Those dazzling ticket sales push "Frozen 2" to $421 million in North America and $1.21 billion worldwide, passing 2015's "Minions" ($1.15 billion) to become the third-highest grossing animated movie in history. In fifth place, Disney-Fox's "Spies in Disguise" launched to $13 million over the three-day weekend and $22 million since Christmas Day. The animation adventure, voiced by Will Smith and Tom Holland, also amassed $16 million overseas for a global tally of $38 million. Elsewhere, Tom Hooper's "Cats" dropped to No. 9 on box office charts after collecting a disappointing $8.7 million over the extended holiday weekend. Universal's musical adaptation of Andrew Lloyd Webber's stage show has earned $17 million to date. The universally skewered movie is likewise stumbling at the international box office, where it ignited with a dismal $13.6 million from 38 markets. The $100 million movie has made just $38 million globally so far. Sam Mendes' "1917" ignited the specialty box office, scored $1 million from 11 theaters over the five-day frame, above Universal and DreamWorks' expectations. The WWI epic follows two young British soldiers (George MacKay and Dean-Charles Chapman) tasked with the dangerous mission of delivering a message that could save hundreds of lives. "1917" debuts nationwide on January 10. In New York and Los Angeles, Warner Bros.' "Just Mercy" pulled in $228,000 from four theaters. Jamie Foxx, Michael B. Jordan and Brie Larson star in the legal drama about a black man wrongly accused of murder. The film earned a rare A+ CinemaScore from moviegoers, as well as a 98% from audiences on Rotten Tomatoes, which could bode well as it expands nationwide in the coming weeks. Neon's "Clemency," an acclaimed drama with Alfre Woodard, bowed with $37,000 from two venues, averaging $18,539 from each location. In notable box office milestones, Rian Johnson's murder mystery "Knives Out" surpassed the $200 million globally after crossing $100 million in domestic ticket sales this weekend.