Rapper Tekashi69, real name Daniel Hernandez and also known as 6ix9ine, Tekashi 6ix9ine, Tekashi 69, leaves after his arraignment on assault charges in County Criminal Court #1 at the Harris County Courthouse on August 22, 2018 in Houston, Texas NEW YORK - He used the street cred of being in a gang to rocket to rap stardom, but then cooperated with federal prosecutors and testified against his former associates. American rapper Tekashi69, or Tekashi 6ix9ine -- real name, Daniel Hernandez -- was sentenced Wednesday to two years in federal prison on racketeering, firearms and drug trafficking charges. Hernandez, 23, got a relatively lenient sentence after agreeing to a plea deal that required him to take the stand against other members of the Nine Trey Gangsta Bloods. It is nevertheless a stark reversal of fortune after he soared to fame following the release of his debut single "Gunmo" in late 2017. In the video, he raps and dances in front of a building in Brooklyn's Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood with members of the Nine Trey Gangsta Bloods, wearing trademark red bandanas. Ever since West Coast rappers started using gang imagery in their videos in the 1990s, any association with street gangs has often boosted the credibility of a rising artist. According to his attorney Lance Lazzaro, Hernandez -- who was born in Brooklyn, and left school at age 15 -- wanted to develop a "gangster persona in an effort to sell more music." READ: A$AP Rocky gives concert in Sweden after assault conviction "Gunmo" quickly surpassed 100 million views on YouTube, and the single landed in the top 15 on the Billboard Hot 100. He used the street cred of being in a gang to rocket to rap stardom, but then cooperated with federal prosecutors and testified against his former associates. American rapper Tekashi69, or Tekashi 6ix9ine -- real name, Daniel Hernandez -- was sentenced Wednesday to two years in federal prison on racketeering, firearms and drug trafficking charges. Hernandez, 23, got a relatively lenient sentence after agreeing to a plea deal that required him to take the stand against other members of the Nine Trey Gangsta Bloods. It is nevertheless a stark reversal of fortune after he soared to fame following the release of his debut single "Gunmo" in late 2017. In the video, he raps and dances in front of a building in Brooklyn's Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood with members of the Nine Trey Gangsta Bloods, wearing trademark red bandanas. Ever since West Coast rappers started using gang imagery in their videos in the 1990s, any association with street gangs has often boosted the credibility of a rising artist. According to his attorney Lance Lazzaro, Hernandez -- who was born in Brooklyn, and left school at age 15 -- wanted to develop a "gangster persona in an effort to sell more music." "Gunmo" quickly surpassed 100 million views on YouTube, and the single landed in the top 15 on the Billboard Hot 100. Tekashi69 doesn't seem all that worried -- he just signed a new record deal with the music label 10K Projects.