Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex look on during the pre-game ceremonies before the MLB London Series game between Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees at London Stadium on June 29, 2019 in London, England. LONDON - Prince Harry and his wife Meghan were presented with a mini New York Yankees uniform for their baby son Archie when they attended Major League Baseball's historic first game in London on Saturday. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were appearing at the Yankees' clash with the Boston Red Sox at the London Stadium to promote the Invictus Games Foundation. WATCH: UK's Harry, Meghan and Archie to visit South Africa Meghan has only made a handful of public appearances since giving birth to Archie in May and the couple met players from both teams before walking out with members of their charity for the ceremonial first pitch. The royal couple received huge cheers from the sell-out 60,000 crowd in east London. Earlier, New York manager Aaron Boone presented Meghan with a tiny version of the Yankees' famous pin-striped shirt emblazoned with Archie's name and the number 19, while Red Sox players gave her a baby-grow in the team's colours. The Yankees and Red Sox are playing games on Saturday and Sunday -- the first MLB fixtures ever staged in Europe -- as part of the league's attempt to grow the sport's global brand. Tonight, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex attended the first of a two game series of the Major League Baseball #LondonSeries, in support of @WeAreInvictusGames. Tonight’s highly anticipated game between the #Yankees and #RedSox took place at London stadium, Olympic Park. The @WeAreInvictusGames, of which His Royal Highness is Founding Patron, has been selected as charity partner for the @MLB 2019 series. The Invictus Games Foundation is the international charity that oversees the development of the Invictus Games, an international adaptive multi-sport event in which wounded, injured or sick armed service personnel and veterans participate. It celebrates the power of sport in recovery and how it can help, physically or psychologically, those suffering from injuries or illness. The word ‘invictus’ means ‘unconquered’ - it embodies the fighting spirit of the competitors. As part of the partnership, the Invictus Games Foundation have a team participating in London’s #Softball60, the social softball series built for the city and targeted to introduce the sport to new audiences and demonstrate that it is an inclusive sport. On this #ArmedForcesDay, tonight’s event was also a chance for Their Royal Highnesses to shine a light on the men and women here in the UK and around the world who have sacrificed so much for their country. Discover more about the Invictus Games Foundation through the link in our bio. Photo credit: PA A post shared by  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex (@sussexroyal) on Jun 29, 2019 at 1:49pm PDT