The national netball team will be representing South Africa at the 2019 Vitality Netball World Cup in Liverpool. LIVERPOOL - South Africa’s Proteas narrowly lost a closely contested semi-final match against Australia at the Netball World Cup in Liverpool on Saturday. The highly anticipated and contested game ended 55 -53 in favour of defending world champions Australia. READ: SA almost shocks world champs in World Cup semi “As a team, we are very proud of what we have achieved in this tournament, I think we have done very well. We played against the world’s number one and matched them pound for pound. I think the team should be very proud. We are grateful to Ma (Coach Norma) and her entire coaching team for doing such great work with us. We are a better team now. Of course, we are disappointed with the loss however happy with where we are as a team,” said SPAR Proteas goal shooter Lenize Potgieter. This was the closest defeat South Africa have suffered against Australia with the previous closets defeat being 54-50 at the 2018 Quad Series in London. Lisa Alexander, Australian coach had full praise for the SPAR Proteas … “I just want to say congratulations to South Africa, they have really come a long way and we respect them so much, this was evident in how we came onto the field against them. The team we put in today was specifically to counter them because we knew how dangerous they can be if not properly managed. This South African team has come a long way and they should be proud.” Norma Plummer, SPAR Proteas Head Coach commented after the game “I am sad that we lost against Australia, we started very well but somewhat lost our grip shortly after. We managed to recover and pushed the Aussies right to the end. We came very close to drawing this game. I mean we won the last two quarters if my maths is accurate, we just needed that last push to steal it away from them. Congratulations to Lisa and all the best in the final. To my girls, well done you have very well, and we have come this far. It is back to us preparing for our game tomorrow. We promised the people of South Africa a medal, so we now need to deliver on that.” South Africa will play in the 3rd/4th playoffs on Sunday for a bronze medal.