File: Mandla Maseko died in a motorcycle accident over the weekend. JOHANNESBURG - From the important to the shocking, here is a recap of the week in news, in videos. READ: South Africa mourns Spaceboy The nation is still mourning the untimely death of Mandla ‘Spaceboy’ Maseko. The country’s Afronaut -- as he was affectionately known -- died in a motorbike accident. The 30-year-old was selected to be first black African to go into space but died before this dream could materialise. His mother’s words clearly describe what the whole nation is feeling. The family of the man known as the Afronaut is mourning his untimely passing. Courtesy of #DSTV403 READ: Male rape survivor speaks out Olwethu Twalo was raped three years ago and his rapist was only sentenced last month. The 25-year-old said he wanted to tell his story so that the stigma of disbelief associated with male rape victims should change.  It's been a four-year fight for justice. A rape survivor has told eNCA how he struggled when he reported the matter, purely because he's a man. READ: Will e-tolls stay or go? Motorists are waiting on the final decision by Transport Minister Fikile Mbalula on weather e-tolls are here to stay or not.
Even though there are discussions taking place, South Africans are advised to keep paying their e-toll fees. Asked if those who have paid their bills would be reimbursed, OUTA CEO Wayne Duvenage said, "absolutely not, we don't think so. "We don't see how they will force [the] government or Sanral to get their funds back." OUTA CEO Wayne Duvenage asked whether E-toll payers will be reimbursed if the system is scrapped READ: EFF removed from Gordhan's budget briefing The Economic Freedom Fighters were removed from Public Enterprises Minister Pravin Gordhan's budget brief in Parliament on Thursday. EFF members tried to disrupt the minister from speaking and it is believed some members physically threatened Gordhan. The red berets were removed from the building. EFF members  tried to disrupt the minister from speaking and it is believed some members physically threatened Gordhan. Courtesy #DStv403 EXCLUSIVE: eThekwini mayor breaks her silence Embattled eThekwini mayor Zandile Gumede says she is in limbo about her political future. Gumede has been instructed by the ANC to extend her leave of absence while the party finalises her matter. The mayor is facing fraud and corruption charges and is out on R50,000 bail. eThekwini Mayor Zandile Gumede has broken her silence, after keeping a low profile for 30 days during an imposed leave of absence. Courtesy #DStv403