eNCA line up from 29 July 2019 Johannesburg - South Africa’s most-watched news channel eNCA is revamping its on-air line-up. Starting on 29 July weekdays will get off to an exciting start as First Take with Xoli Mngambi occupies the 6 to 7 AM early morning slot. The fast-paced 60-minute show gives you all the essential overnight news and a look forward to the day’s big stories. The South African Morning with Xoli Mngambi and Jane Dutton will follow between 7 and 8 AM and will look in-depth at the day’s top stories, including robust interviews and live crossings to the big stories of the morning. Between 8am and 9am Jane Dutton takes over alone on The Jane Dutton hour – a programme that blends hard news and lifestyle interviews with Jane anchoring on occasion from the field. Long-standing eNCA anchor Dan Moyane now moves to the 9 - 11 AM mid-morning slot. Today with Dan Moyane will include reporter crossings, live news events, and crisp analysis. 11 - 1 PM will be presented by Michelle Craig on The Rundown, followed by eNCA editor-in-chief Jeremy Maggs, on Live at Lunchtime between 1 and 2 PM. The programme will be an express mid-point daily update, including a dedicated business segment. 2 - 4 PM will be an immersive two-hour program called Upfront with Marcelle Gordon. Newshour with the hard-hitting Faith Mangope will lead viewers through a wrap of the day’s biggest stories on the 4 to 5 PM slot and the formidable Shahan Ramkissoon remains at 5 to 6 PM. Shahan will provide a consolidated and rapid-fire news bulletin called The Lead with Shahan Ramkissoon. Uveka Rangappa will now be at the helm of the 6 to 8 PM two-hour prime-time slot with a programme titled South Africa Tonight. The show will include high profile interviews and make sense of the day’s big events. The 8 – 10 PM slot will be presented by renowned anchor Vuyo Mvoko. Vuyo ends the evening line-up with eNCA Nightline, a show that recaps the news and also allows one of the country’s most respected journalists to breathe some gravitas into the news with panel discussions and longer interviews. eNCA editor-in-chief Jeremy Maggs says: “The changes come after extensive audience research. We are matching our talented line-up to key hours in the day. This, accompanied by a new station look will give our audience the fast-paced product they have become accustomed to, entrenching our position as the country’s most-watched news channel".