Nedbank: Their money, their secrets. SPONSORED Secrets may seem like a dramatic depiction of three lives, but these stories are unfortunately common realities in South Africa. This is because we all have unconscious beliefs about money that can limit or influence the way we make financial decisions. Money secrets are exactly why we’ve partnered with psychologist and financial wellness coach Tshepiso Matentjie. Over the next few weeks she will help you explore your emotional relationship with money and help you make a positive change.   Three lives. Three secrets. On paper, Ben is a successful businessman, the perfect husband and father. But the things he’s done come back to threaten his entire existence. Amanda has everything under control, but nothing will prepare her for when it all falls apart. Alinah and Sizwe live for their son, but what if their actions hurt instead of help him? The film examines three South Africans’ everyday lives, and the lengths we will go to when our secrets start to surface. #NedbankMoneySecrets Character story summaries Ben In business it’s easy to get caught in the trappings of looking successful rather than being successful. More than 80% of small businesses fail because of bad cashflow management. It’s time to talk about the hardest thing there is to talk about. Money. Ben is suave, successful and the perfect family man. But how much of what we see is real and how much is a facade to hide who he really is? #NedbankMoneySecrets Amanda It’s easy to accept money that you haven’t earned. And when it comes to credit, there’s no such thing as a free lunch. Three out of five South Africans spend more than what they earn. It’s time to talk about the hardest thing there is to talk about. Money. Amanda has a secret – one that is easily forgotten over cocktails in high-end bars, and kept hidden behind a charming smile. #NedbankMoneySecrets Sizwe Good intentions can sometimes lead to bad decisions. If it sounds too good to be true, it usually is. One in three South Africans have lost money investing in pyramid schemes. It’s time to talk about the hardest thing there is to talk about. Money. Siwze will go to any length to protect his family. Do anything. But will the extremes he’s willing to go to ultimately end up putting his wife and son in real danger? #NedbankMoneySecrets Meet Nedbank’s financial wellness coach Tshepiso Matentjie believes that, by understanding your personal relationship with money, you can start making better financial decisions. Find out more from Tshepiso.  As the bank that sees money differently, Nedbank is shining a light on how our upbringing, culture and experiences shape how we feel about money, and how these emotions inform our money behaviour. What is your money archetype? Take the Nedbank quick quiz to decode your relationship with money. Identifying your archetype and beliefs around money is a great way to get you started on a healthier, happier money journey.