 Stuart Baxter, head coach of South Africa during the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations South Africa Training at the Aero Sports Complex, Cairo on 4 July 2019. JOHANNESBURG – Bafana Bafana legend Aaron Mokoena says the only way South Africa will defeat the hosts in their crunch 2019 Africa Cup of Nations round 16 clash on Saturday is to play with mobility up front and put the Egyptian defence under pressure. South Africa will face tournament favourites Egypt at the Cairo International Stadium for a place in the quarterfinal of the biennial continental tournament. The 1996 champions qualified as one of the four best third-placed teams which advanced to the round of 16 while The Pharaohs eased through their group with a 100% record. READ: Banyana to defend their COSAFA cup title Mokoena says Bafana Bafana should utilise their attacking options against the seven-time Afcon champions. “We were a bit naïve in the match against Morocco (SA lost 1-0), we lacked mobility,” said Mokoena who amassed 107 international caps for South Africa. “The good thing is that we know that there won’t be another game after this game should we lose, so it is a do or die match. We have nothing to lose and playing these kinds of big matches should be motivation enough for the boys. We should give them (Egypt) a game and ask serious questions about their defence.” Mokoena says the Egyptians might buckle under the pressure of playing at home with the weight of a nation that is expecting another African crown. “It will be a difficult game, we have to play but be cautious at the same time,” Mokoena added. “Pressure is there when you’re a host nation, South Africa can beat Egypt if we turn up.” READ: Lacklustre Bafana Bafana set for a big payday The former Bafana Bafana captain has advised coach Stuart Baxter to give Orlando Pirates star man Thembinkosi Lorch a run against the Egyptians. “Now is an important time to play Lorch, give the people what they want. He hasn’t played and should be fresh,” Mokoena said of the 2018/19 PSL Footballer of the Season. by Vusi Bafetane