Smilyana Zaharieva has one of the most powerful voices on the planet. BULGARIA - Smilyana Zaharieva knew she had a gift when she saw her audience tremble or cry during her performances. Now an official Guinness world record confirms that the Bulgarian singer has one of the most powerful voices on the planet, which can stay pitch perfect despite being as loud as a rock concert. Zaharieva says she burst into tears when she received the official certificate last month, confirming she had achieved the loudest mezzo-soprano vocal note. "When I saw the monitor reading 113.8 decibels, it surprised me," the 48-year-old told AFP of her record-setting attempt last September. - Tough requirements - The lively Bulgarian from the southern city of Plovdiv faced a series of tough requirements. Zaharieva had to sing in a quiet studio and go over 110 dB, the average human discomfort threshold, with the sound meter placed 2.5 metres away from her while also holding the note for a minimum of five seconds. According to popular noise level charts, Zaharieva's achievement of 113.8 dB roughly amounts to the same loudness you would hear at a rock concert, a symphony orchestra or an emergency vehicle siren. As a child, Zaharieva studied folk singing in the National School of Folklore Art in the Rhodope mountains in southern Bulgaria before pursuing a degree from the Plovdiv Conservatory of Music. For several years she was part of another women's choir, The Great Voices of Bulgaria, touring the world. "When I sang people would tremble or cry," she said. But in 1996 she put an end to her career. "One day when I returned home, my little daughter didn't recognise me. That broke my heart," she said. Opening a tour agency with her husband, she only sang for her family and close friends. "But I felt a void. My voice pushed to resurface," she recalls. - Madonna as collaborator? - Keen on yoga and interested in Eastern meditation techniques, Zaharieva wants to explore the curative effects of sound and is seeking to collaborate with other artists. She has already asked American pop-star Madonna. "This voice that has been given to me, I want to use it to help people and find a message to convey," said the mother-of-two and recent grandmother of twins. Zaharieva uses the crystal lyre instrument, known for its soothing, relaxing and meditative effects, and a chain of large bells -- "chanove" -- from the Rhodope mountains in sessions she both participates in and organises. "Each sound corresponds to an energy centre in the body and to an organ," the singer explains, adding various combinations of sound can cure illnesses.