The thermometer at the United Nations office shows 42 degrees in Bonn, western Germany. PARIS - Paris on Thursday baked in a record hot temperature of 41 degrees Celsius as a ferocious heatwave in northern Europe reached its peak, sparking concerns about public health and new misery for rail travellers. As all-time temperature records tumbled in Belgium, the Netherlands and Germany in the last 24 hours, Paris saw its highest ever temperature of 41 degrees Celsius, beating the previous high of 40.4C set in July 1947. Trains have been slowed in several European countries to avoid damage to the railway networks and French national operator SNCF has urged travellers to delay journeys planned for Thursday. Authorities have warned people to keep an eye on those living alone and also to beware of taking the plunge to cool down after a spike in drownings. The heatwave, which is expected to ease up on Friday as rain and thunderstorms move in, had again focused public attention on the problems caused by climate change. READ: Ice cubes for tigers as heatwave smashes records in Europe Meanwhile, Britain's Met Office predicted a chance that the UK record of 38.5C, which was recorded in Faversham, Kent, in August 2004, would also be exceeded on Thursday. The northern third of France, including Paris, was under a red alert while the rest of the country had a yellow warning and water-use restrictions were in force. The Netherlands broke a record dating back to 1944 on Wednesday. On Thursday, Germany again hit a national record of 40.9 Celsius in Lingen, West Germany. Belgium on Thursday also reached a new record high of 40.6 degrees Celsius, recorded on the Kleine-Brogel military base, in northeastern Belgium. Paris, in particular, remains haunted by the early summer of 2003 when 15,000 deaths were blamed on the heat and the authorities were bitterly criticised for not mobilising fast enough. Local authorities have placed restrictions on water usage in many areas due to drought-like conditions that have seen ground and river water levels fall dramatically.