Barcelona's new French forward Antoine Griezmann poses with his new jersey during his official presentation by the Spanish football club at the Camp Nou stadium in Barcelona on July 14, 2019. JOHANNESBURG - Just before the start of a new football season, the worlds top clubs release a new home jersey, an away strip and even a third, or alternate shirt. Fans go into a frenzy on social media awaiting their clubs new threads eNCA.com takes a look at the best new wardrobes of the worlds, top football teams, ahead of the 2019-20 season.  #8 - Inter Milan - Away The Nerazzurri have gone all-in for the upcoming season. This new away jersey is truly a thing of beauty. The soft lime green, with gold and black trimming, is a perfect blend of class and creativity. Nike's less-is-more approach just works. The gold and black team crest is something fresh for an otherwise ordinary and recognized team badge. The classic Pirelli name, in black, tops it all off for those still attached to the old school. Inter looks like they mean business. A classic Italian feel, for a classic Italian club.  #7 - FC Barcelona - Away Barcelona stays true to their Catalan roots with this new yellow number. The diagonal royal blue and red stripes really pull it all together. The Barcelona crest boldly stands out, reminding the fans of the history of this great Catalan club. This Nike product is no doubt a nod to the great players of old. Johan Cruyff would be proud.  #6 - Real Madrid - Away Los Blancos rarely disappoints when it comes away kits. Over the last few seasons, particularly during their consecutive Uefa Champions League triumphs, Real Madrid delivered some of the best away strips of the modern era. Now it seems, the 13-times UCL champs have managed to out-do themselves. This blue-black away kit coupled with gold trimming is a reminder that the big-spending galacticos are back to their true form. According to Adidas, this away jersey features colours inspired by the electric atmosphere of the Bernab at night. It's made with silky fabric that wicks away sweat from your skin.  #5 - Manchester United - Home Manchester United have brought back the shield-crest. This is a perfect homage to the 1999 treble-winning side. This home jersey marks 20 years since that night at Barcelona's Camp Nou. United honour their incredible 1998/99 season with this classy product which the team and fans hope will inspire Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's new charges to the heights of yesteryear.  #4 - Roma - Away This new  A.S. Roma away is a brilliantly designed product. The shirt features a striking sash in the shape of a lightning bolt. According to the folks at Nike, the shirt draws its inspiration from the Roman god Jupiter and his weapon of choice, when protecting Romans in battle.  #3 - Chelsea - Away Some football-heads may disagree with this piece coming in at 3rd but this kit is just too clean. The classic collar and button is always a winner. The typical Chelsea colors of blue and red trimming the sleeves take this shirt over the line. This away shirt looks good enough to wear on a night out too, not just for fans and players.  #2 - Juventus F.C. - Home The Old Lady comes in at 2nd with this half-and-half special. According to Adidas, this design brings back a dash of pink into the Juventus home shirt for the first time in over a century. Pink was indeed the original colour of the Turin club. The Bianconeri fans will no doubt flock to get their hands on this slick and creative design.  #1 - Arsenal - Home Coming in at number one is the Arsenal. This new home shirt is just class. Adidas is now in charge of apparel, taking over from Puma. The classic stripes down the sleeves is a nod to Arsenals rich history in an Adidas shirt. The red and black ribbon on the v-neck collar adds that extra bit of elegance to an otherwise brilliant piece of sportswear. Arsenal fans will hope the club can mirror this bit of perfection on the pitch. A woven badge sits proudly on the chest.