JOHANNESBURG - It's been an interesting week for the State Capture Commission of Inquiry with former president Jacob Zuma taking the stand. Zuma had promised to be frank when appearing at the Zondo Commission and on his first day, the former president made several claims - dropping some bombshells. He accused his comrades of being spies. Zuma told the commission that his life and that of his family members have been threatened. The former president has been critical of the commission and has cried foul forcing the inquiry to be halted. His lawyers asked for Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo to discuss with them whether or not Zuma should continue his testimony. eNCA.com has compiled some key quotes from the former president's testimony at the inquiry: Comrades being spies: Zuma accused former Former Mineral Resources Minister, Ngoako Ramatlhodi, of being a spy. "What made Ngoako behave the way he did here, saying we have auctioned the country, in the NEC I just do what I like, He's carrying out an instruction. He was recruited when he was a student in Lesotho to be a spy." He also accused former South African National Defence Force head Siphiwe Nyanda of protecting an Apartheid-era spy. Death threats: On day one, Zuma had told the commission that there have been several attempts on his life, and on Tuesday, following his testimony on Monday, he claimed his Personal Assistant (PA) received a phone call threatening to kill him and his family. “Yesterday night between 7pm and 8pm, my PA from the ANC side was phoned by a person she does not know and this person said you must tell Zuma that we are going to kill him, we are also going to kill his children and some people around him,” Zuma said. “So she informed me this morning and I am sure chair you’ll recall I said a lot about how my life has been attempted.” Zuma tells commission he will no longer take part in proceedings On Friday, former president Jacob Zuma’s lawyer Advocate Muzi Sikhakhane dropped another bombshell. Sikhakhane told commission chairperson Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo that his client will no longer participate in the commission. "Chair, we are here today to say we will take no further part in these proceedings," Sikhakhane told the inquiry. He claimed Zuma was brought to the commission under false pretences. After both counsels deliberated in the chambers it was agreed that Zuma will proceed testimony at the commission on Monday.