Japanese schoolgirl Misugu Okamoto shows her skateboarding skills during training in the city of Ama, Aichi prefecture. TOKYO - Whisper it, but tiny Japanese schoolgirl Misugu Okamoto looks to have become the host country's best hope to win skateboarding gold at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. A year from the start of the Games, the bashful 13-year-old screws her nose up at talk of making history when the hipster sport makes its Olympic debut -- for fear of jinxing a sizzling run of form. "If I listen to all that, I worry it will go to my head," Okamoto told AFP after practising. "I don't want to get carried away -- that's happened to me before and I'm scared it could happen again so I just try to block it out." Good luck with that. Having just topped qualifying for this summer's X Games, the teenager is hot property. At a shade under 1.42 metres tall, Okamoto makes skateboarding look ridiculously easy with her smooth-flowing technique, ice-cool temperament and the ability to bust out hair-raising aerial spins with an effortless grace. Less than a week before her 13th birthday, she won the Dew Tour park final at Long Beach, a qualifier for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, forcing people to sit up and take notice. Despite her modesty, the way Okamoto nonchalantly pulled off successive "McTwists" -- a spectacular front flip with a 540-degree rotation -- stunned commentators in Idaho. "It took me over a year to be able to do that 540 in practice," revealed the Japan Open champion, who has her sights on success at prestigious international events such as the X Games and Vans Park Series. "I love the challenge of trying new techniques -- I get obsessed with that." But Okamoto detests the p-word. "I don't feel any pressure," she insisted, still battling jet-lag after returning from Los Angeles. "I'm too soft on myself sometimes and can be my own worst enemy. After I won, I'd get carried away and then my level would drop off -- that kind of stuff kept happening, so I'm trying hard to fix that and just focus on myself." After dropping into another run of big-air jumps, Okamoto added: "I love that feeling of flying. I want to be a skater who can compete with the best in the world."