This museum represents the 'arrest site' where Nelson Mandela was captured by authorities in 1962 leading to his 27 year imprisonment. JOHANNESBURG - Millions of South Africans will be using their 67 minutes on Mandela Day -- celebrated annually on 18 June -- to volunteer in different organisations in their communities. READ: Bikers ride for Mandela Day Mandela Day was officially declared by the United Nations in November 2009 and officially celebrated the following year by millions of people across the globe. There are many volunteering opportunities, significant sites to visit and special events taking place to celebrate the legacy of Mandela. In honour of Mandela Day, below is a list of iconic South African landmarks you can visit: Liliesleaf farm The main house at Liliesleaf farm on December 7, 2012 in Johannesburg, South Africa. This used to be a hideout for ANC activists during apartheid. Robben Island Robben Island during a 12 hour night vigil to pay homage to Nelson Mandela, Robert Sobukwe and Albertina Sisulu on December 05. Mandela House, Orlando West, Soweto Former South African President Nelson Mandela's old residence and currently a museum is pictured in Soweto on April 3, 2013. Statue of Nelson Mandela, Cape Town City Hall The statue will be positioned on the balcony where Nelson Mandela stood when he gave his first address as a free man on February 11, 1990 – the sculpture has been created by artists Xhanti Mpakama and Barry Jackson. Union Buildings The Union Buildings is where Former President Nelson Mandela was inaugurated as South Africa’s first democratically elected president on May 10th, 1994. Long March to Freedom exhibition at the Cradle of Humankind Statue of Nelson Mandela and Winnie Madikizela-Mandela during the Long March to Freedom exhibition at the Cradle of Humankind on June 08, 2019 in Krugersdorp, South Africa. Capture Site This museum represents the 'arrest site' where Nelson Mandela was captured by authorities in 1962 leading to his 27 year imprisonment.