ANC Secretary General, Ace Magashule, says he's dismayed that veteran politician, Derek Hanekom, met with the EFF in 2017 to allegedly discuss former president Jacob Zuma’s removal. Courtesy #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG - ANC Secretary General, Ace Magashule, says he's dismayed that veteran politician, Derek Hanekom, met with the EFF in 2017 to allegedly discuss former president Jacob Zuma's removal. But Hanekom has downplayed the meetings, saying it was an informal discussion as MPs, on how to deal with a particularly difficult time in the country. WATCH: No evidence backing EFF claims on plot to oust Zuma: Mabe In a late night statement, Magashule said the party will ride this storm of accusations and counter-accusations. He says the ANC will unite behind the leadership of President Cyril Ramaphosa. The ANC is dismissing the EFF claims that Derek Hanekom and Solly Mapaila planned to oust former President Jacob Zuma. Courtesy #DStv403 eNCA caught up with Hanekom at the Kadar Asmal Human Rights lecture in Johannesburg. He says he can't understand what all the fuss is about.
"Well let's look at what Malema said. Some of what he said was certainly true, that I and many other people had meetings with one member of the EFF at the time. I sat down and had coffee with an EFF member at their request. We discussed how to deal with a particularly difficult time in SA history. There is no way I would refuse a discussion of that nature. Parliamentarians speak to each other so I don't really understand what the fuss is about." Hanekom has also rubbished claims he told the EFF he was planning to start a new political party. WATCH: ANC members facing serious charges must step down: Zikalala EFF leader Julius Malema has said Hanekom planned to do this if Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma won the race at the Nasrec conference against now President Cyril Ramaphosa. "No there's really no truth in that. In fact I heard it was Pravin Gordhan who wanted to start a party, that's over estimating our powers. At that time there were challenges. but I would not discuss what the ANC responses with members of other parties. its different discussing parliarment processes and mass action which we were part of at that time."