A day of denials and fuzzy memory. That's what's characterised Day Two of former president Jacob Zuma's appearance at the state capture inquiry. #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG - A day of denials and a fuzzy memory. That's what's characterised day two of former president Jacob Zuma's appearance at the State Capture Inquiry. WATCH: Zuma claims threat on his life and family He's rubbished the testimony of two previous witnesses, who'd claimed he'd had a hand in their redeployment or dismissal as per the Guptas' wishes. After some legal wrangling by the inquiry and Jacob Zuma's legal team over the line of questioning, the evidence leader was able to cut to the chase, asking if Zuma called former Minister in the Presidency Collins Chabane in late January 2011 and give this instruction? Zuma replied, no,  and accused the late Chabane of name-dropping. "I'm sure that could happen with the Ministers as well. If the Minister is finding it difficult to say to the DG, I'm now saying go, and use the name of the President." WATCH: Zuma denies interaction with Mentor Zuma added that  he never interacted with former ANC MP Vytjie Mentor at the Gupta residence. Mentor gave evidence at the state capture inquiry that Zuma was present in Saxonwold when Ajay Gupta offered her a ministerial position. Zuma also denied that Ajay Gupta had any reason to know about a cabinet reshuffle. "He shouldn't have known. He was not part of government," he said. Zuma confirmed that he remembered who Mentor was. Former president Jacob Zuma told the state capture inquiry that his life has been threatened. Zuma also told commission chairperson Zondo that his personal assistant received a phone call late on Monday night threatening to kill him, his children and those around him. “Yesterday night between 7pm and 8pm, my PA from the ANC side was phoned by a person she does not know and this person said you must tell Zuma that we are going to kill him, we are also going to kill his children and some people around him,” Zuma said. “So she informed me this morning and I am sure chair you’ll recall I said a lot about how my life has been attempted.” Zuma also said his life lawyer, Advocate Muzi Sikhakhane’s life was also threatened about a week ago. Zondo said the threats are unacceptable. Jacob Zuma's recollection will continue to be tested against other witnesses' testimony on Wednesday. #DStv403