File: AFP's fact-check service debunks misinformation spread online HONG KONG - AFP's fact-check service debunks misinformation spread online. Here is a selection from around the world published on our blog this week: 1. Hong Kong actors As protests heat up in Hong Kong, a doctored image has been shared on Facebook purporting to show three local celebrities taking part in an anti-government demonstration. Elsewhere, a video has been viewed thousands of times in posts that claim it shows Hong Kong police arresting protesters - when in fact it shows suspects in a totally separate case. 2. Dirty plane cabin British Airways resumed its flights from London to Islamabad in June 2019 after a 10-year hiatus. A video of a dirty aircraft cabin was viewed thousands of times last month in multiple online posts that claimed to show a BA flight on that route. In fact, the footage has circulated online since 2016 in reports about a Saudi Arabian Airlines flight from Jeddah to Addis Ababa. 3. Kenya election data Posts claiming that the survey company IPSOS has released a poll on the popularity of presidential hopefuls in Kenya ahead of the 2022 general election have been shared widely on social media. However, the claims are false - IPSOS confirmed that the company has released no such poll, calling the figures "fake". 4. Philippines infrastructure A photo of a truck that fell through a road has been shared in Facebook posts claiming it shows a collapsed street constructed under Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte's flagship infrastructure programme. The claim is false; the road in the photo is not one of the official projects listed as part of the programme on the government's website. 5. K-pop 'light sticks' Specially designed 'light sticks' are used by K-pop fans at concerts to show their support for individual pop groups. Two photos have been shared in posts that claim they show South Korean President Moon Jae-in and US President Donald Trump holding them for Korean band EXO. But the images have been doctored from original photos in which the two presidents were not holding any objects.