File: China's ambassador to South Africa said President Cyril Ramaphosa is the last hope of South Africa. JOHANNESBURG - President Cyril Ramaphosa is the "last hope" for Africa's most advanced economy, but his government must turn incentive policies into laws to secure more Chinese investment, a senior Chinese diplomat said. China is South Africa's largest trading partner and has pledged more investment than any other country since Ramaphosa embarked on a drive last year to attract new investment to lift the economy out of a slump. "President Cyril Ramaphosa is the last hope of this country," Lin Songtian, China's ambassador to South Africa, told Reuters. READ: Prepare for mass job losses, Ramaphosa warns But while African nations have seen a boom in infrastructure development over the past decade, he said projects proposed by the South African authorities had lacked feasibility studies capable of reassuring the Chinese government and banks of their profitability and sustainability. Policies of extending incentives, including tax breaks to attract foreign capital, also did not do enough for Chinese investors, who Lin said wanted to see favourable conditions enshrined in an investment law approved by parliament. "To date, there are no major infrastructure projects from China here. Why? Because we don't only need the concept of a project," Lin said. READ: China loan to Eskom not in jeopardy: Public Enterprises Upgrading South Africa's antiquated railway network, modernising Durban port and reforming power firm Eskom would also help bring in Chinese money. China Development Bank agreed to lend Eskom $2.5-billion during President Xi Jinping's visit to South Africa last year. "Eskom is a debt trap. China gave them some loans before. And now they become very cautious. ... Eskom is not an issue of money. It's the issue of operation mechanisms, management, capacity," Lin said. READ: Huawei reassures SA users Earlier this month, Ramaphosa came out in defence of Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei, which is helping to bring its 5G technology to South Africa but is a favourite target of US President Donald Trump. With around 80 percent of the continent's communications infrastructure already built by Huawei and fellow Chinese firm ZTE, Lin said the kind of pressure the United States was exerting on its European allies not to sign deals with Huawei could never work in Africa. "This continent is poor, but they are independent. And they will not compromise to the Americans," said Lin, who previously headed China's foreign ministry's African affairs department.