File: South African singer Johnny Clegg performes on stage during the Fez Festival of World Sacred Music in Fez. JOHANNESBURG - eNCA.com brings you the top 5 trending stories for the past 7 days. Johnny Clegg's death On Tuesday, South Africans learnt of the passing of legendary singer Johnny Clegg. Clegg died at the age of 66 after a long battle with pancreatic cancer. He was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2015 but continued to tour and perform around the world. Clegg was laid to rest on Wednesday in a private funeral.  Jacob Zuma appears at State Capture Inquiry Former president Jacob Zuma appears before the Commission of Inquiry into State Capture that is probing wide-ranging allegations of corruption in government and state-owned companies in Johannesburg, on 19 July 2019. Former president Jacob Zuma has had his day at the Zondo Commission of Inquiry into state capture. Zuma has promised to be 'frank' at the commission. On his first day he dropped bombshells accusing former Mineral Resources Minister, Ngoako Ramathlodi and former National Defence Force head, Siphiwo Nyanda, of being spies. He also told the commission that his life and that of his family have been threatened. On Wednesday, he raised concerns that he was being cross-examined, resulting in the commission to be adjourned to address the concerns. His lawyers on Friday told the commission that Zuma will no longer be taking part in the proceedings.  Marc Batchelor dies File: Marc Batchelor is presented with a personalised Bok jersey.  The death of former footballer Marc Batchelor sent shocking waves through South Africa. Batchelor was gunned down by two men riding motorbikes as he was driving into his home in Olivedale, Johannesburg. He was shot through the window of his car several times and died at the scene. The motive for the attack is unknown at this stage.  Muvhango's 'KK' in court Macdonald Ndou and two accomplices were arrested on Friday afternoon after they allegedly tried to extort money from a businessman. Popular Muvhango actor, Macdonald Tshifhiwa Ndou known as KK, appeared in the Boysens Magistrate's Court on Monday. The actor and his two accomplices were arrested during a Hawks operation at South Gate Mall, south of Johannesburg, where they allegedly attempted to extort money from a businessman. His case was provisionally withdrawn for further investigation. Mkhwebane finds Ramaphosa lied to MPs File: Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane has found that President Cyril Ramaphos misled Parliament. The  Public Protector has found President Cyril Ramaphosa deliberately misled Parliament. This is in relation to his response to a Bosasa donation. Ramaphosa initially said the R500,000 payment was made to his son for services rendered. He later retracted the answer and clarified that it was a donation to his ANC presidential campaign. Mkhwebane said the president's response was not in line with the rules of the National Assembly.