Advisor to the US President Ivanka Trump speaks at an event on the theme "Promoting the place of women at work" on the sidelines of the G20 Summit in Osaka on June 29, 2019. WASHINGTON - Ivanka Trump got a ribbing back home on Monday after critics took issue with the prominent role played by President Donald Trump's daughter during summits in Japan and South Korea. Ivanka Trump's official capacity is advisor to the president and she is a constant presence in the White House. But if Americans have become used to seeing her at cabinet meetings and Oval Office ceremonies, there was less acceptance for the way she popped up constantly during the G20 summit in Osaka and again during Trump's dramatic visit to South Korea, which saw him make a brief step over the border into the North. READ: Trump considered daughter Ivanka for head of World Bank A video clip from Osaka shows a slightly awkward meeting between Ivanka Trump and several world leaders went viral. The video shows Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May, IMF chief Christine Lagarde, French President Emmanuel Macron and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau talking about policy issues when Trump's daughter approaches. She attempts to join the conversation but appears to be ignored by a frowning Lagarde, who stands just to her right. Still, the twittersphere had fun with an #UnwantedIvanka hashtag campaign that encourages photoshopping the First Daughter into as many unlikely situations from history as possible. One sees Ivanka inserted into the famous World War II conference in Yalta with US President Franklin D. Roosevelt, British Prime Minister Winston Churchill and Soviet leader Joseph Stalin. Others show Ivanka photobombing an iconic scene of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr addressing a vast crowd on Washington's National Mall. In others, she lands with Allied forces on D-Day, is in the White House Situation Room with Barack Obama, joins the Moon landing, and even makes her way onto the canvas of Leonardo da Vinci's "Mona Lisa."