ANC President Cyril Ramaphosa at a voting station in Soweto, 8 May 2019. JOHANNESBURG - Thousands of South Africans headed to different voting stations on Wednesday in the sixth democratic elections. SA will be better under Ramaphosa if he keeps his promises: de Klerk Several political party leaders, including the country's current and former presidents, also managed to make their way to voting stations across the country to cast their votes. Below is a list of the country's five presidents voting: 1. President Cyril Ramaphosa President Cyril Ramaphosa cast his vote in Chiawelo, Soweto and was accompanied by his wife, Dr Tshepo Motsepe. “I am excitingly confident. The response of our people to voting is amazing. The nation and our people are energised to cast their vote and they can see that with their vote, they are heralding a new dawn. A new beginning. A period of renewal.” This is a vote that reminds us of 1994.” Thousands crowded around President Cyril Ramaphosa when he voted in Chiawelo. Courtesy #DStv403 2. Jacob Zuma Former president Jacob Zuma has encouraged voters to trust parties who outline the best policies and not those with the best policies. “You must put your vote where you know there will be something happening, benefits, as well as the improvement of the country and not people, are shouting better slogans but which party that says that it will deliver a better South Africa, better than others,” said Zuma. ormer president Jacob Zuma was all smiles as he made his way to the polls. e was accompanied by three of his wives to vote at the Ntolwane Primary school in Nkandla. Courtesy #DStv403 3. Kgalema Motlanthe Former President Kgalema Motlanthe spoke to the media before his media on Wednesday and insisted that the ANC would win. "We campaigned so that the ANC should get a clear majority in this province, that wasn't part of the plan. If it eventually happens then we will take if from there but for now the ANC will win." Former President Kgalema Motlanthe chats to the media moments before he casts his vote. Courtesy #DStv403 4. Thabo Mbeki Former president Thabo Mbeki implored South Africans to think carefully about the election candidates and what they have to offer the country “I think the important thing today is that everyone must go out to vote and that the voters must really apply their minds to this. "In order to be able to choose, would require that we apply our mind as to what do these parties represent in terms of the future of the country.” Former president Thabo Mbeki is the last head of state cast his vote. Courtesy #DStv403 5. FW de Klerk Former President FW de Klerk said he has faith in President Cyril Ramaphosa and said that the country will be better under him. “Everything is not dark in South Africa. There’s light at the end of the tunnel. If the ANC wins and President Ramaphosa keeps his promises, things will get better,” De Klerk said.