President Cyril Ramaphosa announced his much-anticipated cabinet on Wednesday and ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule commented on the decisions. Courtesy of #DSTV403 CAPE TOWN – Minutes after President Cyril Ramaphosa announced his cabinet, opposition parties, and the governing ANC’s alliance partners reacted to the new national executive. Ramaphosa has trimmed his new-look cabinet from 36 to 28 ministries. However, some departments will have two deputies, meaning it has essentially only been reduced by 10 appointees. The biggest surprise of the night was the appointment of GOOD leader, Patricia de Lille, to Minister of Public Works and Infrastructure. Jeff Radebe's reign as the country's longest continuously serving minister, has come to an end. Radebe has not been selected as part of the new cabinet. Bathabile Dlamini, Siyabonga Cwele, Derek Hanekom and Dipuo Letsatsi-Duba have also been left out. President Cyril Ramaphosa announced the members of his cabinet on Wednesday evening. Courtesy of #DSTV403 The Freedom Front Plus has welcomed the omission of controversial names from cabinet. FF Plus leader Pieter Groenewald has lauded the retention of ministers in the economic cluster. President Cyril Ramaphosa announced his much-anticipated cabinet on Wednesday and the FF+ commented on the decisions. Courtesy of #DSTV403 ANC Chief Whip Pemmy Majodina said the new cabinet is balanced and well coordinated. President Cyril Ramaphosa announced his much-anticipated cabinet on Wednesday and ANC Chief Whip, Pemmy Majodina commented on the decisions. Courtesy of #DSTV403 The UDM’s Nqabayomzi Kwankwa said new cabinet is a step in the right direction. He has applauded the appointment of women and young people. President Cyril Ramaphosa announced his much-anticipated cabinet on Wednesday and the UDM's Nqabayomzi Kwankwa commented on the announcement. Courtesy of #DSTV403 The ACDP’s Wayne Thring said De Lille’s appointment was the biggest surprise of the night. President Cyril Ramaphosa announced his much-anticipated cabinet on Wednesday and the ACDP's Wayne Thring commented on the announcement. Courtesy of #DSTV403 DA leader Mmusi Maimane described the new cabinet as “different actors playing to the same script.” President Cyril Ramaphosa announced his much-anticipated cabinet on Wednesday and the official opposition's leader, Mmusi Maimane commented on the announcement. Courtesy of #DSTV403 The EFF is rejecting Ramaphosa's cabinet, which it describes as a declaration of war'. The party is labelling him as dishonest and manipulative. The EFF is also unhappy with Pravin Gordhan's re-appointment, saying it's proof Ramaphosa has no regard for the Public Protector's report or the constitution. The ANC's alliance partner Cosatu, which is the country's largest labour federation, has previously criticised Finance Minister Tito Mboweni on some of his ministerial decisions. Speaking shortly after last night's cabinet announcement, Cosatu president Zingiswa Losi, said the issues raised aren't personal. President Cyril Ramaphosa announced his much-anticipated cabinet on Wednesday. Courtesy of #DSTV403 The SACP said the in-coming cabinet should fulfill the wishes of South Africans and do away with state capture. President Cyril Ramaphosa has trimmed his new-look cabinet from 36 to 28 ministries. Courtesy #DStv403