US actress Eva Longoria poses as she arrives for the screening of the film "The Dead Don't Die" during the 72nd edition of the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, southern France, on May 14, 2019. JOHANNESBURG - Cannes kicks off Tuesday with one of the glitziest line-ups in years as Hollywood stars and studios return in numbers to the world's biggest film festival. The opening movie alone -- "The Dead Don't Die" -- has a small army of stars led by Bill Murray, Adam Driver, Chloe Sevigny, Danny Glover, Tilda Swinton and Steve Buscemi. The cast of the tongue-in-cheek zombie flick by arthouse favourite Jim Jarmusch also takes in music legends Iggy Pop as one of the undead as well as Tom Waits, singer Selena Gomez and rapper and Wu-Tang Clan guru RZA. READ: Schumacher documentary to hit market at Cannes film festival Having had its Tinseltown thunder stolen in recent years by Venice, which some US studios now using the Italian festival as their Oscars launchpad, this time Cannes is putting its much smaller rival in its place. Quentin Tarantino brings auteur heft and star power to the party with the premiere of his epic "Once Upon a Time in Hollywood", a quarter of a century after he lifted the Palme d'Or -- Cannes top prize -- for "Pulp Fiction". The panorama of Charles Manson-era Los Angeles stars Leonardo DiCaprio as a television Westerns star and Brad Pitt as his stunt double with Margot Robbie playing actress Sharon Tate, who was murdered by the cult leader's followers. French actress Nathalie Baye poses as she arrives for the screening of the film "The Dead Don't Die" during the 72nd edition of the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, southern France, on May 14, 2019. US model Jeremy Meeks arrives for the screening of the film "The Dead Don't Die" during the 72nd edition of the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, southern France, on May 14, 2019. Spanish actor Javier Bardem (L) and French actress and singer Charlotte Gainsbourg pose as they arrive for the screening of the film "The Dead Don't Die" during the 72nd edition of the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, southern France, on May 14, 2019. German model Barbara Meier poses as she arrives for the screening of the film "The Dead Don't Die" during the 72nd edition of the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, southern France, on May 14, 2019. A guest arrives for the screening of the film "The Dead Don't Die" during the 72nd edition of the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, southern France, on May 14, 2019. US actress and member of the jury of the Cannes Film Festival Elle Fanning (L) and Mexican director and President of the Jury of the Cannes Film Festival Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu pose during a photocall at the 72nd edition of the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, southern France, on May 14, 2019. US actress Eva Longoria poses as she arrives for the screening of the film "The Dead Don't Die" during the 72nd edition of the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, southern France, on May 14, 2019. British-Thai actress Araya Hargate arrives for the screening of the film "The Dead Don't Die" during the 72nd edition of the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, southern France, on May 14, 2019. Belgian singer/songwriter Angele Van Laeken, better known as Angele arrives for the screening of the film "The Dead Don't Die" during the 72nd edition of the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, southern France, on May 14, 2019. Belgian director and member of the Un Certain Regard Jury Lukas Dhont poses as he arrives for the screening of the film "The Dead Don't Die" during the 72nd edition of the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, southern France, on May 14, 2019. US actress Julianne Moore poses as she arrives for the screening of the film "The Dead Don't Die" during the 72nd edition of the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, southern France, on May 14, 2019.