For a closer look at the players who got the nod, eNCA's Tshepo Thobane unpacks the selection. #Dstv403 JOHANNESBURG - Bafana Bafana coach Stuart Baxter named a 28-man squad for the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations. Afcon kicks off in Egypt on 21 June. South Africa have been drawn in Group D, the so-called 'Group of Death' which includes Morocco, the Ivory Coast and Namibia. WATCH: SAFA announces Bafana Afcon squad Bidvest Wits defender Thulani Hlatshwayo will lead the team. He's been skipper since 2017 following Baxter's appointment. Mamelodi Sundowns and Orlando Pirates players dominate the squad with a combined nine players selected from both teams. Baxter has recalled Cape Town City striker Kermit Erasmus. The 28-year-old was sidelined earlier this year for a Caf Afcon qualifier against Libya. "Kermit is one of the players that has been around us, we chose not to include him at previous camps because I always felt it was too quick," said Baxter. "I had a long conversation with Benni McCarthy in the last camp where I explained to Benny... I thought he had done a good job with Kermit, making him feel important again and bring him back into the fold," said Baxter. Squad: Goalkeepers: Darren Keet (Bidvest Wits ), Rowen Williams (Supersport), Bruce Bvuma (Kaizer Chiefs). Defenders: Daniel Cardoso (Chiefs), Rivaldo Coetzee (Sundowns), Ramahlwe Mphahlele (Chiefs), Thulani Hlatshwayo (Wits), Innocent Maela (Pirates), S’Fiso Hlanti (Wits ), Buhle Mkhawanazi (Wits), Thamsanqa Mkhize (Cape Town City ) Midfielders: Bongani Zungu (Amiens), Hlompho Kekana (Downs), Dean Furman (SS), Kamohelo Mokotjo (Brentford), Tiyani Mabunda (Downs), Thulani Serero (Vitesse), Thembinkosi Lorch (Pirates), Themba Zwane (Downs), Fortune Makaringe (Maritzburg), Ben Motshwari (Pirates), Keagan Dolly Strikers: Lebo Mothiba (Strasbourg), Percy Tau (Royal St Union), Lars Veldwijk (Sparta Rotterdam), Lebogang Maboe (Downs), Sibusiso Vilakazi (Downs), Kermit Erasmus (CT City) Passport Pending Players: Nikola Tavares (Crystal Palace, England), Joel Unteresee (FC Zurich, Switzerland) The final squad will later be trimmed to 23 players prior to the tournament as preparations continue. Meanwhile, National Under-23 coach David Notoane named the Cosafa Cup squad before the tournament kicks off on 25 May in Durban. The Southern African championship will see 14 teams contest for the title of being Southern Africa's best team. READ: Cosafa Cup will give SA chance to enhance profile in Africa Host South Africa will enter the tournament in the quarter-final stage and will undoubtedly bid to win the tournament on home soil. Defending champions Zimbabwe will be hoping to defend their crown following last year's success in Polokwane. The tournament will conclude on 8 June. Bafana Bafana coach Stuart Baxter is set to announce his squad for the Africa Cup of Nations. Afcon kicks off in Egypt on the 21st of June. #eNCA