ANC President Cyril Ramaphosa, EFF Leader Julius Malema and DA Leader Mmusi Maimane at their parties' election rallies ahead of the 2019 poll on 8 May. JOHANNESBURG - South Africa's top three political parties held rallies in Gauteng at the weekend in a final push to get votes on Wednesday. The Democratic Alliance kicked the rallies off with a gathering at Soweto's Dobsonville Stadium. WATCH: DA's final election rally in Soweto Party leader Mmusi Maimane promised thousands of supporters an economic revolution if the DA emerges victorious after the poll. He called on undecided voters to punish the ANC and wake up to the reality of Cyril Ramaphosa's false dawn. South Africa's main opposition Party Democratic Alliance supporters cheer as they attend the final rally of the DA at the Dobsonville Stadium in Soweto, Johannesburg, on May 4, 2019, ahead of May 8th legislative and presidential elections. Supporters of South African main opposition party Democratic Alliance parade on motorbikes and wave South African national flags during the final presidential election campaign rally of the DA at the Dobsonville Stadium, in Soweto, Johannesburg, on May 4, 2019, ahead of May 8th legislative and presidential elections. South African main opposition party Democratic Alliance leader Mmusi Maimane (C) gestures during the final presidential election campaign rally of the DA at the Dobsonville Stadium, in Soweto, Johannesburg, on May 4, 2019, ahead of May 8th legislative and presidential elections. On Sunday, ANC President Cyril Ramaphosa urged thousands of supporters at Ellis Park Stadium, to trust that the ANC will make up for its mistakes. WATCH: Ramaphosa addresses final election rally He said corruption and state capture won't go unpunished.  A supporter of the ruling party Africa National Congress reacts at the Ellis Park stadium in Johannesburg, on May 5, 2019 during the final campaign rally of the party ahead of May 8th legislative and presidential elections. Ellis Park Stadium was filled to capacity for the ANC's final rally ahead of the 8th May election.  South African ruling party African National Congress President and South Africa's President Cyril Ramaphosa waves at thousands of supporters after delivering his speech at the Ellis Park stadium in Johannesburg, on May 5, 2019 for the final campaign rally of the party ahead of May 8th legislative and presidential elections. Also on Sunday, EFF leader Julius Malema told thousands of supporters at Orlando Stadium that boycotting the polls is tantamount to committing suicide. WATCH: Malema speaks at Soweto rally He also reiterated that the EFF is not calling for the killing of white people, but rather for an end to inequality in South Africa. Supporters of the opposition party Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) hold a mock coffin bearing the face of the ruling African National Congress (ANC) President Cyril Ramaphosa during EFF final election rally at Orlando Stadium on May 5, 2019 in Soweto, ahead of general elections. Supporters of the opposition party Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) sing during EFF final election rally at Orlando Stadium on May 5, 2019 in Soweto, ahead of general elections. South Africa's Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) opposition party leader Julius Malema (C) acknowledges the crowd at the Orlando Stadium in Soweto, Johannesburg, during the final EFF presidential campaign rally on May 5, 2019 ahead of May 8 legislative and presidential elections.