Former Springbok women’s Player Laurian Johannes has made history. She has been appointed as coach of the Bok women Under-20 squad, the first in the country. eNCA's Justin Ford sat down with her. Courtesy #DStv403  CAPE TOWN - Former Springbok women’s Player Laurian Johannes has made history. She has been appointed as coach of the Bok women Under-20 squad, the first in the country. READ: Former Springbok becomes first female national coach The teacher is excited to give back to the game that served her. Laurian Johannes fell in love with rugby after watching her brother play the game. She then tricked her father into buying her a pair of boots and invited him to a game. Many years later and she is now the Springbok Under-20 Women’s Coach, much to the delight of her family. “They are so excited for me, they're so happy for me that everything has been happening and this is what I am passionate about... so it was almost an automatic that I was going to go into coaching, but to get to this level so quickly was quite awesome. It was really something special”, said Springbok Under-20 Women's coach, Laurian Johannes. Johannes represented Western Province and was the first woman rugby player to so do for 50 matches. READ: Babalwa Latsha lights up the game She says coaching didn’t happen by chance and hopes to inspire the next generation. “Not at all, it was something that I was passionate about. I’m an educator, teacher. So I wanted to, I always wanted to give back to the game, because I really love the game. I’m passionate about it and that’s why I got into coaching. I want to instil that they could achieve anything in the game. All they need to do is be committed, work hard and be driven and passionate to what they're doing.” The educator will need to find a balance in life in the classroom and on the rugby field. “I’m a woman, so women can multitask. I’m good like that. Training sessions normally happen in the afternoon, and in the evening. So it’s quite awesome that I can do everything I love”, added Johannes. READ: SA rugby in contract overhaul to stem talent drain Women’s rugby in the country continues to enjoy growth and that is largely due to the structures that have been established. The team will meet next month for a camp in Pretoria and this will be followed by two matches against Zimbabwe in Harare. Their first taste of international competition in six years.