File: Voters queue on the side of the R510 for a voting station near Boitekong in Rustenburg in the 2014 election. by Andries Cornelissen I am writing this in English because my world is bigger than Afrikaans - or just being white. I have a contribution to make to my community and this country - whether you like it or not. I voted at Regina Mundi in 1994 as I was deployed in Soweto for Beeld newspaper in the 1994 election. There was an energy in South Africa and a buzz in the air as we stood in front of the Union Buildings when Nelson Mandela was inaugurated as president. That is the country I wanted to leave behind for my sons – we failed in this first 25 years. We failed because we allowed politicians to divide us and destroy that dream - we put our dream in their hands. That was a mistake. I believe the majority of South Africans are good people and we need to refocus on the good and push back the bad. We've allowed bad people to become mainstream. The new elite and the old elite have found each other. Just check BEE deals if you don't believe me. They only see the colour of money. This election should be the revitalisation ordinary good people are looking for. Election 2019 FAQ: Can I vote differently on national and provincial ballot papers? was asked by some family members to write something on how they could decide on who to vote for. I was reluctant to do it – but today I’m going to get over it and I decided to write this short piece. It might not be what they were looking for as I am fed up with party politics and politicians. But maybe this piece does give some people some tools to get to a decision on picking their party to vote for. My decision on who to vote for will be driven by something more than just promises from political leaders and their parties. I think one should ask some searching questions about the party you want to vote for. The reason I still need convincing about president Cyril Ramaphosa and his ability to deliver on the "new dawn" is based on my experience with another businessman. I bought some shares in Steinhoff based on the fact that Christo Wiese was the chairperson of the company. After the collapse of the company he told the media he did not know what Markus Jooste was doing with the books of the retailer. This sounds to me like Ramaphosa telling us that he did not know the extent of state capture. Like Wiese he was cashing in dividends based on false accounting and only when the paw-paw really hit the fan they put up their hands. This might be a simplistic analogy, but one that supports my point. Election 2019 FAQ: How many ballot papers will I get? It can no longer be business as usual in South Africa – not only for politicians, but for all South Africans. We should stop expecting politicians and political parties to deliver to us what we need. We should not give government or politicians that much power. We need a change of heart in South Africa – we need to get this country working. And that will not be achieved by any politician, political party or government on its own. We have a culture of non-payment, protesting and slacking. Just take a look at our school system – Jacob Zuma did not break the system – why do many teachers not even arrive for work, why do we have four holidays in a school year, why do university students spend more time socializing than in the lecture hall? The question you have to ask, is: Do South Africans actually want to be a winning nation? Just look at municipal officials at places like license offices or testing stations – many are corrupt or just plain useless. Jacob Zuma did not break that system. Listen to the complaints from people about the public health system – how staff treat people at public hospitals. Jacob Zuma did not break that system. We need civil servants who care about their jobs – not about their unions or their political masters. We talk about high unemployment, but look at the number of strikes in the country. We talk about inequality and the first thing a new cabinet member buys after he or she is appointed is a brand new German car. And they start refurbishing their offices and parliamentary houses spending hundreds of millions of rands. We as South Africans need to use this election to change things around – yes, we need a president with strong credibility who will clean up the rot. But we need more than that, we need to ask ourselves and other South Africans some serious questions. Holding people accountable starts with our vote, but we cannot leave it there. We need to be more active – we need to put corrupt officials in jail – we need to be active in our communities and make sure the best people lead us – people who have more than their own bank accounts as their focus. With apologies to John F. Kennedy: ask not what your government can do for you, ask what you can do to make your country a better place.