Caster Semenya will have to rethink the rest of her career. The Court of Arbitration for Sport issued its ruling a little earlier. That ruling means officials can implement new rules on testosterone levels. Courtesy #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG - Minister of Sport and Recreation Tokozile Xasa says she is disappointed in the outcome of Court of Arbitration for Sport 's (CAS) judgment on new testosterone rules for female athletes. Xasa added that Athletics South Africa (ASA) has requested a copy of the full judgment and will comment further after studying the full judgment. “Naturally we are disappointed with the judgment, however, we have directed ASA to request a copy of the full judgment. We will study the judgment, consider it and determine a way forward. As the South African government, we have always maintained that these regulations trample on the human rights and dignity of Caster Semenya and other women athletes. We will comment further after studying the full judgment.” Minister Xasa said. WATCH: Semenya loses battle over new testosterone rule The Department of Sport and Recreation South Africa established A high-level panel. The panel consisted of the Medical, Legal and government workstreams. This panel consisted of experts in the medical, legal and public sectors, who constituted the respective work streams. The government work stream’s mandate was to raise public awareness and mobilize public support on the discriminatory nature of these regulations. It also worked on international mobilization and solidarity through the diplomatic channels. “I truly thank all teams who have worked beyond the call of duty, you are true patriots. I have no doubt that our case was compelling and the amount of support we have received was through your hard work.” Xasa added. READ: Wayde Van Niekerk supports Semenya in IAAF battle Xasa has assured Caster Semenya of South Africa’s continued support as we navigate the future with her. “You remain our Golden Girl, what you have done for our people and girls is enormous. You have flown our flag high, you have united a nation and inspired a rural girl. For that we thank you Mokgadi.” Xasa concluded. WATCH: UN pledges support for Caster Semenya Xasa further calls upon ASA as a member of the IAAF to take this matter up in the General Council of members of the IAAF. “ASA should continue to lobby other National Athletics Associations in other jurisdictions to internally oppose these regulations. We too in government will continue to lobby through other international organisations on our opposition to these regulations and to continue to put the necessary pressure on the IAAF to see the impact of these regulations on global human rights tenets and frameworks”.