President Cyril Ramaphosa has been inaugurated as South Africa's president. JOHANNESBURG - President Cyril Ramaphosa was inaugurated before more than 30,000 people at Loftus Versfeld in Johannesburg on Saturday. WATCH: President Cyril Ramaphosa's inauguration In his address to the nation, Ramaphosa continued with the mantra Thuma Mina (which means send me) and committed to continue to build South Africa. Below are the seven key quotes from the president's address: - “This new government draws comfort from the knowledge that, that which unites us is far, far more powerful and enduring than that which divides us. They have chosen hope over hopelessness, they have opted for unity over conflict and divisions." -“Let us forge a compact for an efficient, capable and ethical state, a state that is free of corruption, for companies that generate social value and propel human development, for elected officials and public servants who faithfully serve no other cause than that of our people. We must be a society that values excellence, rewards effort and rejects mediocrity.” - “You, the people of South Africa, have sent them, and you have sent me, as your President. Having taken the oath of office I am saying yes, South Africa Thuma Mina.” - “I pledge here today that I will serve you, I will work with you, side by side, to build the South Africa that we all want and deserve.” - “Let us work together to fundamentally, and forever, change the relations of power between men and women. Let us end the dominion that men claim over women, the denial of opportunity, the abuse and the violence, the neglect, and the disregard of each person’s equal rights." - “Today is the choice of history. It is through our actions now that we will determine our destiny. South Africans want action and not just words.” - “A society where disability is no impediment, where there is tolerance, and where no person is judged on their sexual orientation, where no person suffers prejudice because of the colour of their skin, the language of their birth or their country of origin."