File: Former President Nelson Mandela (L) and South African President Thabo Mbeki listen to the national anthem during the inauguration ceremony where Mbeki was sworn in as President of the republic of South Africa at the Union Buildings in Pretoria, 16 June 1999 . PRETORIA - President-elect Cyril Ramaphosa will take the oath of office and be sworn in as president of South Africa. For the first time, the event will take place at Loftus Stadium and not the Union Buildings. The year 1994, Madiba magic was in full swing and the country had just emerged from its first democratically-held election. All eyes were on Nelson Mandela, who would lead the country for the next five years. At his inauguration ceremony, he made a promise to devote himself to a new South Africa. File: South Africa's new President Nelson Mandela (C) stands at attention as the national anthem is played during his inauguration at the Union Building in Pretoria 10 May 1994. In 1999, South Africans went to the polls and again there was a new face at the helm. The man who was Madiba's deputy, Thabo Mbeki, took the reins. On the day of his first inauguration, he too followed suit, promising to put citizens first as he began his first term. File: South African President Thabo Mvuyelwa Mbeki (R) is sworn in as President of the Republic of South Africa by the President of the constitutional court judge Arthur Chaskalson (C) and Chief justice Ismail Mohammed (L) at the Union Buildings in Pretoria, 16 June 1999 . South African President Thabo Mbeki arrives for his inauguration ceremony for a second and final term 27 April 2004 at the Union Buildings in Pretoria, as the country celebrated the 10th anniversary of the end of apartheid. Mbeki stepped down a year shy of ending his second term in office after the ANC recalled him. That paved the way for a new era, that of Jacob Gedleyihlekisa Zuma. Zuma resigned in February 2018, making way for Cyril Ramaphosa. Jacob Gedleyihlekisa Zuma (C) takes the oath as he is sworn in by Chief of Justice, Pius Langa. South African President Jacob Zuma (R) listens to Chief Justice Mogoeng Mogoeng ahead of his inauguration ceremony in his final term at the Union Buildings in Pretoria on May 24, 2014. Ramaphosa begins his first term as an elected president, with a fresh mandate. He will be sworn in, not at the Union Buildings, but at the iconic sports stadium, Loftus, meaning more people will be able to attend. South Africans will now be hoping the New Dawn will turn into a New Day.