The IEC is pleading with South Africans to bear with the commission, as it looks into the challenges its currently faced with. #Dstv403 JOHANNESBURG - All alleged double vote suspects will be appearing in various courts in KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng province. Twenty suspects were arrested after allegedly trying to vote for a second time during the 2019 National and Provincial Elections which took place on Wednesday. Police said 19 suspects have been arrested in KwaZulu-Natal of which one is alleged to have transgressed in Danhauser, two in Hluhluwe and one in the Port Shepstone while the final suspect was arrested in Douglasdale in Gauteng. WATCH: Smaller parties threaten court action against IEC These suspects are alleged to have contravened Section 88 (d) of the Electoral Act 73/1998 whereby a person tries to cast more votes than a person is entitled to. In a separate matter, Arnold Mulaudzi, who was arrested on Tuesday night on charges of contravening Section 87(1)(a) par. 2 & 3 of the Electoral Act 73 of 1998, Mulaudzi appeared in the Vuwani Magistrate Court on Thursday. Malaudzi has been released on R5000 bail and is expected to reappear in court on the 03rd of June 2019. The case has been postponed to allow for further investigation. Brigadier Vishnu Naidoo, spokesperson for the National Joint Operational and Intelligence structure says the security features employed by the Independent Electoral Commission have been effective. WATCH: IEC to determine impact of double voting on election "The four layers of security are effectively implemented to protect the integrity of the election process. Furthermore, people bragging on social media about having cast "double votes" must realize that this is a transgression of the Electoral Act, if not fraud or both. " "We have also taken note of the various video clips and messages that have been posted on social media, most of which have been dealt with decisively." Naidoo adds that in one case, IEC officials were immediately relieved of their duties after they were found "operating" from the back of a bakkie. "The matter of the election boxes that was found on the side of a road was clarified when people assumed they were voting material and in other cases, people are being charged criminally." Naidoo confirmed that they are now in the post-election phase after it was announced that all voting stations had closed. However, the results collation process is still underway and as the local results are being announced, it is expected that celebrations will start.