Caster Semenya will compete in the 800m race at the Diamond League season opener in Doha. DOHA - Days after that landmark ruling against her by the Court of Arbitration for Sport, Caster Semenya will return to the field on Friday night. Semenya will compete in the 800m race at the Diamond League season opener in Doha. READ: Semenya to run in Doha Diamond League She hinted at quitting the sport in a tweet on Thursday, saying: "Knowing when to walk away is wisdom. Being able to is courage. Walking away with your head held high is dignity." In a later tweet, she said: "They laugh at me because I am different. I laugh at them because they're all the same." Semenya, the double Olympic champion at the distance, was added to the 800m start list on Thursday morning. She had challenged the measures, introduced by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), that will force women with higher than normal male hormone levels -- so-called "hyperandrogenic" athletes -- to artificially lower the amount of testosterone in their bodies if they are to continue competing. READ: Lowering Semenya's testosterone levels could be harmful: Doctor Semenya will not be able to participate in international events in the 800m and the 1,500m distances. She is also the three-time defending champion in the 800m in the Diamond Race, having triumphed on the prestigious IAAF circuit since 2016. The 28-year-old also took gold at the World Champs in 2017. The two athletes who finished in the silver and bronze medal positions behind Semenya in the 800m at the 2016 Rio Olympics, Burundi's Francine Niyonsaba and Margaret Wambui of Kenya, will race against her in Doha on Friday. Wambui, who has also faced questions over her testosterone levels but unlike Semenya has not been forced to undergo tests for hyperandrogenism, criticised the IAAF ruling. "This life sometimes is so unfair", Wambui wrote on Twitter: "Everything that happens, happens with a reason Caster." She added: "This is life we Africans have nothing to say in this world and (there is) nothing we can do about it,  so pole (sorry) my dear ---so painful." Meanwhile, concerns remain about the IAAF’s new policy. Hyperandrogenous athletes have until 8 May to either start the process to decrease their testosterone levels to the prescribed level for eligibility for the World Champs in September. But just how this will be achieved is unclear. READ: World Medical Association rallies behind Semenya The South African Medical Association (SAMA) called the CAS ruling shocking and disconcerting. SAMA has also expressed its support of a directive by the World Medical Association for its physicians not to implement the IAAF’s regulations. The global medical organisation is questioning the ethics around the rules as well as the study used by the athletics body to come to its conclusion. But the IAAF is unwavering. - Additional reporting AFP