The above footage contains graphic imagery. Two South African filmmakers who risked everything continue to rake in top international awards. Stroop – Journey Into the Rhino Horn War – rips away the curtain on the cross-continent illicit trade in rhino horn by multinational criminal syndicates. #eNCA • Editor's note: The attached video contains graphic content. Viewer discretion is advised. JOHANNESBURG - Two South African filmmakers who risked everything continue to rake in top international awards. Susan Scott and Bonne de Bod are the filmmakers behind the internationally acclaimed Stroop: Journey Into the Rhino Horn War. Stroop rips away the curtain on the cross-continent illicit trade in rhino horn by multinational criminal syndicates. The pair quit their jobs, cashed in their investments and moved in with their mothers. READ: Chinese nationals in Zimbabwe court over rhino horn stash 17 international awards later and De Bod said they are completely overwhelmed. Scott explained the reaction to the film, "there are obviously moments in the film where you can actually hear the audiences gasp. "Then in the Q&A sessions afterwards and talking to the audiences, again, there is this overwhelming sense that we knew the rhino issue was happening but, boy, we had no idea it was like this." Local movie houses and distributors said this film may not resonate with a local audience. The pair feel they have proved naysayers wrong. READ: Two arrested with 167 rhino horns in huge haul "We had sold out screenings of our limited release. We had to release the film on our own," said Scott. "We would hire a cinema. Cape Town, Port Elizabeth, Hoedspruit, Johannesburg, Roodepoort. "Across the country, we were able to get these sold out screenings. It shows that the public wants to know. De Bod and Scott have indicated there will be a sequel to the story but said it would take some time. They are focusing on two environmentally themed films in the meantime. Stroop is a film that continues to surpass all expectations, bringing the horrendous slaughter of South Africa's rhinos, and their brave keepers, into sharp focus. It leaves you with the unshakable feeling that this crisis cannot be ignored.