The ANC Youth League’s eThekwini region wants embattled mayor, Zandile Gumede, fired. Courtesy #DStv403 DURBAN - Pressure is mounting on the ANC to act on embattled mayor Zandile Gumede amid fraud and corruption charges. Gumede is out on R50, 000 bail, with strict conditions. The ANC Youth League's eThekwini region wants the mayor fired. "She needs to resign, she needs to vacate the office completely," said eThekwini ANCYL Spokesperson Thulisa Ndlela. "Allow the ANC space to appoint someone else who the ANC will have confidence in and then that person will take the City and the people of the City forward. "The important thing is that we need to deliver services at this stage, we cannot have a situation where there is a temporary person who is stepping aside and all those kind of things." READ: More woes for eThekwini Mayor Zandile Gumede Gumede's staunch supporter, the ANC Women's League, is adamant she isn't going anywhere. In a scathing statement, the Women's League labels the Youth League as "juveniles" and "hungry lions." The SACP is advocating for a different approach. The ANC’s alliance partner wants the matter taken to the integrity committee. "Take everything as the national office has done, take everything to the integrity committee, assess everything that needs to be assessed and make a decision," said SACP KZN Secretary Themba Mthembu. READ: eThekwini ANC coy over corruption accused mayor Cosatu is calling on law enforcement agencies and public prosecutors to ensure they have watertight cases before charging individuals. "We are very reluctant as Cosatu to say that those who are implicated, who are alleged to have been implicated on these matters should step down because there is that hopelessness as to whether they've actually committed those crimes,” said Cosatu KwaZulu Natal Chairperson S’khumbuzo Mdlalose. “The principle of not being guilty up until proven otherwise should be applicable to all South Africans." The ANC in the province has since summoned the eThekwini regional leadership to a meeting. Gumede has told eNCA she will break her silence as soon as she's consulted her party and legal team. eNCA reporter Siphamandla Goge has more details in the video above.