A polling staff stands next to ballot boxes at the Lilly Pilly polling booth during the Australia's general election in Sydney. SYDNEY - Australia's ruling conservative coalition appeared to secure a shock election win on Saturday, with the party predicted to have defied expectations and retained power. National broadcaster ABC called the election for Prime Minister Scott Morrison's coalition, although it was not clear if he would lead a minority or majority government. The result is a monumental upset and a failure of pollsters, who put the opposition Labor party under Bill Shorten in pole position. Some bookies had paid out early expecting a coalition defeat and all but the most ardent partisans had thrown in the towel. Early results appeared to show a fractured electorate with minor populist and rightwing parties playing an outsized role, but it will be a while before the dust settles. They include Pauline Hanson, whose party shrugged off revelations her party solicited money from the US gun lobby and Clive Palmer -- dubbed Australia's Donald Trump -- who splashed tens of millions on a populist campaign. Australia has compulsory voting and a complex system of ballots ranked by voter preference, with big political, economic and cultural differences from state to state on the vast island-continent. Liberal supporter Anthony Ching said the projected result was  "unbelievable". "Everybody was expecting that we were not going to win," he said. Many of the laurels for victory will go to Morrison, who came to power last August after a party-room coup by hardliners in his Liberal party ousted the more moderate prime minister Malcolm Turnbull. Climate change had featured prominently throughout the campaign. Australia is one of the most vulnerable of all developed nations to climate change and a season of record floods, wildfires and droughts has brought the issue from the political fringes to front and centre of the campaign. In traditionally more conservative rural areas, climate-hit farmers are increasingly demanding action, while in several rich suburbs, a generational shift has seen eco-minded candidates running Liberal party luminaries close.