The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge showed The Queen some of the activities that those experiencing the Chelsea Flower Show's Back to Nature Garden can enjoy. LONDON - Britain's Queen Elizabeth visited the Chelsea Flower Show, touring gardens including one designed by the Duchess of Cambridge, the wife of her grandson Prince William. The show, which opens to the public on Tuesday, is the most prestigious event in Britain's gardening calendar and is organised by the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), of which the queen is patron. Queen Elizabeth was greeted by RHS President Nicholas Bacon before being shown to the "Back to Nature Garden" designed by Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, alongside landscape artists Andree Davies and Adam White. The garden, which includes a rope swing, a tree house and a stream with waterfalls, was enjoyed by Kate and William's three children, George, Charlotte and Louis, on Sunday. How many marks out of 🔟 for the #RHSChelsea Back to Nature Garden, Prince George? A post shared by  Kensington Palace (@kensingtonroyal) on May 20, 2019 at 12:13pm PDT The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are very pleased to share some new photographs of their family as they visited the RHS Back to Nature Garden at the #ChelseaFlowerShow on Sunday afternoon. The photographs were taken by @mattporteous. The #RHSChelsea Back to Nature Garden, designed by The Duchess and award-winning landscape architects Andrée Davies and Adam White of Davies White Landscape Architects, is a woodland setting for families and communities to come together and connect with nature. Her Royal Highness is a strong advocate for the proven benefits the outdoors has on physical and mental health, and the positive impact that nature and the environment can have on childhood development in particular. Over the past months, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis have helped The Duchess gather moss, leaves and twigs to help decorate @The_RHS Back to Nature Garden. Hazel sticks collected by the family were also used to make the garden’s den.  The Duchess told Monty Don in an interview for the BBC: “I really feel that nature and being interactive outdoors has huge benefits on our physical and mental wellbeing, particularly for young children. I really hope that this woodland that we have created really inspires families, kids and communities to get outside, enjoy nature and the outdoors, and spend quality time together.” A post shared by  Kensington Palace (@kensingtonroyal) on May 19, 2019 at 2:31pm PDT The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are very pleased to share some new photographs of their family as they visited the RHS Back to Nature Garden at the #ChelseaFlowerShow on Sunday afternoon. The photographs were taken by @mattporteous. The #RHSChelsea Back to Nature Garden, designed by The Duchess and award-winning landscape architects Andrée Davies and Adam White of Davies White Landscape Architects, is a woodland setting for families and communities to come together and connect with nature. Her Royal Highness is a strong advocate for the proven benefits the outdoors has on physical and mental health, and the positive impact that nature and the environment can have on childhood development in particular. Over the past months, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis have helped The Duchess gather moss, leaves and twigs to help decorate @The_RHS Back to Nature Garden. Hazel sticks collected by the family were also used to make the garden’s den.  The Duchess told Monty Don in an interview for the BBC: “I really feel that nature and being interactive outdoors has huge benefits on our physical and mental wellbeing, particularly for young children. I really hope that this woodland that we have created really inspires families, kids and communities to get outside, enjoy nature and the outdoors, and spend quality time together.” A post shared by  Kensington Palace (@kensingtonroyal) on May 19, 2019 at 2:31pm PDT