Caster Semenya celebrates after winning the women's 800m during the IAAF Diamond League competition in Doha. LONDON - Former 10,000 metres world champion Liz McColgan has said there should be separate events for athletes with differences of sex development (DSD) and for transgender competitors following a controversial ruling concerning Caster Semenya. Semenya lost a challenge against the International Association of Athletic Federations (IAAF) over plans to force some women to regulate their testosterone levels. The Court of Arbitration for Sport's decision means that female athletes with elevated testosterone will have to take drugs that suppress those levels if they wish to compete as women in certain events. READ: WMA warns doctors not to enforce Semenya rules The IAAF argued that athletes such as two-time Olympic 800 metres champion Semenya had an unfair advantage over others. McColgan, whose daughter Eilish has run against Semenya, expressed sympathy but backed the 2-1 CAS verdict as a necessary ruling to protect the integrity of women's sport. But the Scot also suggested that one forward would be to create new categories for some non-binary genders. She also echoed concerns over Semenya being required to take drugs in order to continue running from the World Medical Association (WMA), which urged doctors not to enforce the new IAAF rules. READ: The demonisation of Caster Semenya continues "I personally think (CAS made) the right decision but I think there are still grey areas that have to be ironed out," McColgan told BBC Radio. "I do not agree that anyone should take any drugs to reduce testosterone because I'm a big supporter of a drug-free sport and I'd be a bit of a hypocrite if I said (Semenya) should take medication to suppress what is naturally high in her." McColgan added: "A lot of people are making this out to be a Caster Semenya story and it's not really about Caster. "There's a bigger area we're talking about and it's about future athletes and how we can protect women's sport. READ: I won't take medication: Semenya after winning Doha race "There are two categories -- there's men and there's women, and it's how do we protect women in sport and the future for that? "Categories, I think it is the way forward. I think there should be a category for high testosterone, there should be a category for transgender, there should be a category for women and there should be a category for men. "That way it makes everything fair in the sport for everyone involved." McColgan's daughter finished sixth as Semenya won gold by two-and-a-half seconds at last year's Commonwealth Games 1,500m final in dominant style.