Government has not helped small businesses get off the ground, DA parliamentary leader Mmusi Maimane said on Monday. JOHANNESBURG - In the course leading up to South Africa’s sixth democratic election, political parties have been pulling all the stops to garner voter support, resulting in some of the most revered and controversial quotes from the country’s top leaders making headlines. Here is a look at the top few quotes from several political leaders this year: 1. Cyril Ramaphosa ANC president Cyril Ramaphosa admitted ANC members enabled state capture on 29 April. Courtesy DStv403 Speaking at his second State of the Nation Address on 7 February earlier this year, President Cyril Ramaphosa focused on the topics and issues most prevalent to date. Employment “As government, we have decided that the requirement for work experience at entry-level in state institutions will be done away with. Our young people need to be given a real head start in the world of work. They should not face barriers and hindrances as they seek to find work.” Eskom “Security of energy supply is an absolute imperative. Eskom is in crisis and the risks it poses to South Africa are great. It could severely damage our economic and social development ambitions. We need to take bold decisions and decisive action. The consequences may be painful, but they will be even more devastating if we delay. To bring credibility to the turnaround and to position South Africa’s power sector for the future, we shall immediately embark on a process of establishing three separate entities – Generation, Transmission and Distribution – under Eskom Holdings.” Education “Over the next six years, we will provide every school child in South Africa with digital workbooks and textbooks on a tablet device. We will start with those schools that have been historically most disadvantaged and are located in the poorest communities, including multi-grade, multi-phase, farm and rural schools. Already, 90% of textbooks in high enrolement subjects across all grades and all workbooks have been digitised.” Freedom “At times it has seemed that the milk of human kindness that allowed us to reconcile in 1994 had gone sour. But we will not surrender to the forces of pessimism and defeatism. Our society is anchored in the roots of tolerance and co-existence, and we stand firm, resolute and united against all and everything that seeks to divide us or destroy our hard-won gains.” Corruption “The action we take now to end corruption and hold those responsible to account will determine the pace and trajectory of the radical social and economic transformation we seek. Evidence of criminal activity that emerges [from the commissions of inquiry] must be evaluated by the criminal justice system. Where there is a basis to prosecute, prosecutions must follow swiftly and stolen public funds must be recovered urgently. Land grabs and taking flight Addressing a gathering in Lynnwood, east of Pretoria, on 29 April earlier this year, Ramaphosa assured them land grabs would be eradicated in South Africa. Ramaphosa also vowed to “close the taps where there is corruption” and called for South Africans to “hop on his plane”: “We come from a cathartic past few years, we have [come] from the brink. Please join me in this journey – we are in an aeroplane that’s on the runway and it’s about to take-off. The key question is will you be a passenger on this plane? Let’s fly this SA plane!” 2. Mmusi Maimane Political parties are on a final push to woo voters. DA leader, Mmusi Maimane, is campaigning in Madibeng in the North West. Courtesy DStv403 DA leader Mmusi Maimane’s address during the party’s 2019 election manifesto launch criticised the ANC-led government over major corruption scandals, mentioned allegations that came from the Zondo Commission of Inquiry into state capture and commented on the VBS Mutual Bank heist. The ANC-led government “Our leaders lost sight of our goal. They realised they could make money off every job, every contract and every purchase that involved the government. The posters still said 'a better life for all', but what we were starting to see was a better life for some.” “While millions didn’t have clean water to drink, some were drinking the finest champagnes up on stage.” “While many lived in RDP houses that collapsed if you leaned on them, others lived in palaces called Nkandla.” The Arms Deal, Bosasa and VBS Mutual Bank “Those who started out as liberators had ended up as tsotsis. And they were looting the Arms Deal, Bosasa and VBS while millions didn’t have money to get by. Corruption has stolen the dignity and the future of millions of our people.” The Zondo Commission of Inquiry into state capture “Our country was sold out by those who swore an oath to serve us. And, as we have just learnt in the Zondo Commission, they betrayed our struggle for a braai pack, some beers and a handbag.” Eskom In March later on in the year, Maimane addressed the handling of Eskom and load-shedding: "President Ramaphosa's apology for load-shedding is not good enough. He played a central role in the systematic collapse of Eskom, which has led to this crisis. He must take immediate and decisive action to transform our energy sector to help stabilise the economy." 3. Julius Malema EFF leader Julius Malema says the ANC must come clean about what it did with the money allocated for Alexandra's renewal. Courtesy DStv403 EFF leader Julius Malema delivered a fiery speech at the launch of the party’s 2019 election manifesto on 2 February earlier this year, addressing the revelations at the state capture Commission of Inquiry, the land debate and the state of education in the country. Bosasa whistle-blower Angelo Agrizzi “Agrizzi must also be arrested. He is not our friend. He is a thief and a racist, but just because he is racist does not mean we should not listen to him. Agrizzi must continue revealing those who benefitted in corrupt dealings.” ANC leaders implicated in Bosasa corruption “That thief called [Jacob] Zuma must be arrested and taken to jail. Thereafter we’re going to go to [Gwede] Mantashe. Thereafter we will go for Nomvula Mokonyane, who was eating stolen frozen chicken. We are going for them one by one.” Education by force “Our education is going to be free and compulsory. Compulsory means that you’re going to go to school by force. Whether you like it or not, you will go to school. If we find you in the streets of Soshanguve during school hours, ‘tsotsi, what do you want in the streets during school hours?’ We will put you in a van because education is free.” Data costs in South Africa “Data is expensive in South Africa. You buy MTN data now and when you wake up tomorrow it has grown legs.” Malema apologises to Karima Brown On 10 April during a media briefing, Malema apologised to veteran journalist Karima Brown for publicising her contact number on his Twitter account: “If Karima had said to me you can’t put my number on Twitter and apologise, I would have apologised,” Malema said. He added: “If I offended Karima in any way I want to apologise today. If she is offended by what I did, my intention was not to insult her. I wanted to show that Karima has got some ulterior motives.” 4. Mosiuoa Lekota Cope leader, Mosiuoa Lekota ruffled feathers during the State of the Nation Address on Wednesday when he accused President Cyril Ramaphosa of betraying his comrades at a critical time during the struggle. Courtesy DSTV403 During the launch of the Congress of the People’s (Cope) 2019 election manifesto, party leader Mosiuoa Lekota focused on the prospect of changing South Africa’s electoral laws, pointed to recent scandals -- namely Bosasa – and endorsed the social grants system. Changing the electoral laws “The government of the Congress of the People will make sure that our electoral laws are aligned more closely to the Constitution in order for the direct election of the president, premieres and mayors of towns and cities to take place. To allow for individuals to contest national and provincial elections. In other words, we are saying that political power will be put back in your own hands – that you choose who you want to send to parliament. If they do not perform as you want, you may recall them and elect others.” Dealing with corruption “If we send someone to government, wearing this t-shirt or this emblem, we send them because we believe they are going to do what we are saying. If they do the opposite, we will bring them to you [the public] and say, ‘this one, this one is one of those scoundrels that promised you and us that he’s going to work, now we’ve discovered that this scoundrel has been messing up.’” The energy crisis “The fire of tomorrow you will get from the sun, and you will cook from it, you will eat, and you will live much better – easier. Leave the coal – get [energy] from the sun.” The social grants issue “We are not going to give you money [while] you’re sitting at home every day doing nothing. We must give you jobs [and] we must give you money, because when you work you develop self-respect and dignity.” 5. Andries Tlouamma With South Africa firmly in the grips of election fever, Agang SA is looking to increase its representation in Parliament. Courtesy DStv403 During the launch of Agang SA’s 2019 election manifesto on 23 March in Atteridgeville, party leader Andries Tlouamma promised voters clean water and an increase in sanitation and social grants. He went on to criticise the ANC for failing to deliver the public from their past social injustices: “We had a good period of Nelson Mandela, we had a zigzag period of Thabo Mbeki, we had the worst period of Jacob Zuma. Now after apartheid since 1994, we had thieves in the ANC. We must remove the ANC to protect our future. Agang will show you ways to fix South Africa.” Amid his criticism of the ANC, Tlouamma mistakenly told Agang SA supporters to vote for the ANC: “Repeat after me: No more ANC! Go to the graveyard, ANC! You are a dead man living, ANC! We must make sure we make the right choice on May 8 and vote for ANC!”