The Red Berets are expected to take over Soweto today. EFF leader, Julius Malema, delivers his final speech before Wednesday’s election. JOHANNESBURG - The Red Berets painted Orlando Stadium red on Sunday afternoon in the final push for votes before Wednesday's election day. READ: ANC failed to release land: EFF EFF leader, Julius Malema first spoke about the recent loss in his family. "Comrades, I am happy to be here. My grandmother knew I would be here today and she left me in the good hands of the ground forces. "My family appreciates all messages of condolences, we appreciate that and it is those messages that keep us going." He described the influence of his grandmother on his life. "My grandmother meant everything to me, if it was not for her I would not be here. "She was with me and my family during difficult times, she provided leadership because she knew she had no option but to hold the knife where it is sharpest," Malema said. Malema addressed the EFF support base, saying the rapid ascent of the party has shaken the governing party in various provinces. READ: 'Where is the Alexandra renewal money?' Malema asks He praised the non-violent campaign being run by the party, "you did not use violence, not because you are scared, but because you knew violence would distract you from victory. "They thought we are a Mickey Mouse organisation but now they realise we are a force to be reckoned with. "You cannot talk [about] the future without talking EFF. We are the future of South Africa," Malema expounded. Malema went on to outline the EFF's goals for the future, highlighting the role of economic transformation, women's liberation, and education. "Political Freedom without economic freedom is meaningless," he said. "We want to double the money for the elderly and that of children that receive [a] social grant. "We want a proper crèche where there is a settlement. We want a clinic that operates 24 hours. We want free education," Malema stated. READ: Main parties all have plans for education, but what's missing? The opposition leader spoke against corruption and state capture while urging South Africans to vote for the EFF.