Are you waiting in that endless queue to cast your vote in this year's general election? These six Twitter personalities will bring you a world of entertainment. JOHANNESBURG - It has been a quarter of a century since South Africa’s first fully democratic election was held in 1994. The top three political parties, ANC, DA and EFF dominated headlines as well as Twitter trends lists this past weekend during their final push to garner voter support. Thousands of South Africans have already cast their special votes and an additional 26-million voters are expected to flock to polling stations located across the country on Wednesday, 8 May. So how can you pass the time while waiting in that endless queue on this election day? Here are the top six Twitter personalities to keep you entertained while waiting to make your mark on the ballot paper: 6. Black Coffee - @RealBlackCoffee DJ Black Coffee's music generates a mass-following, both on-stage and on social media. DJ Black Coffee - real name Nkosinathi Maphumulo - has been making waves globally, recently forging a large impression in Ibiza and winning the category for the Best International Set in the What’s On Nightlife Awards. This music fanatic’s timeline is filled with snapshots and videos from his most powerful on-stage performances. 5. Boity Thulo - @Boity ‏ ‘Bakae’ is Boity’s official second single and follows her debut smash hit ‘WuzDat.’ Rapper and TV personality Boity Thulo is a stylish and sleek social media celebutante who is often the cause of major fan frenzies over numerous snapshots of her adorning her own unique style of fashion. A flurry of motivational tweets flood her timeline along with several branded pictures and videos. 4. Pearl Thusi - @PearlThusi The multi-talented starlet’s timeline is populated with pictures and videos of her stylish fashion shoots along with snippets of daily life with her two loving daughters. Model, actress, TV host and radio presenter, Pearl Thusi, is described by many as one of the most accomplished personalities in South Africa’s entertainment industry. The multi-talented starlet’s timeline is populated with pictures and videos of her stylish fashion shoots along with snippets of daily life with her two loving daughters. 3. Bonang Matheba - @bonang_m The social media idol’s tweets commonly generate a mass-buzz among her fans and is known to have close ties with fellow celebrities such as AKA and Cassper Nyovest. South African television presenter, radio personality, businesswoman, producer, actress and philanthropist, Bonang Matheba, is most well-known for her flamboyant entertainment skills and signature voice. Bonang recently received the E! Africa Ultimate Pop Culture Icon Award. The social media idol’s tweets commonly generate a mass-buzz among her fans and is known to have close ties with fellow celebrities such as AKA and Cassper Nyovest. 2. Trevor Noah - @Trevornoah Trevor Noah attends the TIME 100 Gala 2019 Lobby Arrivals at Jazz at Lincoln Center on April 23, 2019 in New York City. Comedian and host of one of the most watched and beloved parody news shows – The Daily Show – Trevor Noah is the second most followed South African on Twitter. Noah’s profile blurb says everything about his sense of humour; “Comedian from South Africa. I was in the crowd when Rafiki held Simba over the edge of the cliff, like an African Michael Jackson.” His timeline is filled with scenes from The Daily Show, stand-up comedy acts and endless memes. 1. Elon Musk - @elonmusk ‏ Elon Musk, CEO of SpaceX and Tesla, speaks during the International Space Station Research and Development Conference at the Omni Shoreham Hotel in Washington, DC. South African-born personality Elon Musk, founder of Tesla, SpaceX, OpenAI and Neuralink, is looking to change the world for the better through technology. The Pretoria born billionaire tech-wizard is by far the most followed South African on Twitter, beating Trevor Noah by almost 17-million followers. Expect a timeline dominated by tech-related terminology and high-resolution rocket launches.