File: New Zealand perform the Haka ahead of a 2019 Rugby World Cup match. SPONSORED You’ve got to feel for Canada. They’re facing the probability of a serious pasting at the hands of New Zealand when the two sides run out at the Oita Stadium on Wednesday. As far as betting propositions go, the only way you are going to salvage anything from this is to go ahead and take the options on the variety of spreads available. You won’t find too many people taking the 1/1000 on New Zealand for the full time result. Or the 150/1 on Canada for that matter. Stranger things have happened but they won’t be happening in Japan on Wednesday. Instead, it is the Winning Margin Spread that offers up the most interest for this contest with New Zealand +91 at the top of the boards at 9/2 with New Zealand 66-70 and New Zealand 71-75 at 13/2. Take 15/2 if you think New Zealand 61-65 is an option. With Canada ranked 21 places below their opposition there is only one outcome here. It is just a question of by how many points will the All Blacks win. These two sides met in the pool stages of the Rugby World Cup in 2011 when the All Blacks won 79-15, running in 12 tries in that encounter. In five meetings between these teams, New Zealand have run in 47 tries in total. That New Zealand 61-65 option as stated above seems the right call if the history is anything to go by. If tries are going to be the order of the day then the next place to look for a betting proposition is the First Tryscorer market with Jordie Barrett and Rieko Ioane favoured at 5/1 to dot down first. There’s 13/2 on Beauden Barrett achieving the feat and 7/1 on Ben Smith. A trio of players, Jack Goodhue, Richie Mo”unga and TJ Perenara are at 11/1. Those five mentioned players are at seriously cramped prices to dot down at any time during the match but you can get 8/10 on captain Kieren Read and Sonny Bill Williams to score a try at any time of the contest which seem decent propositions. You can get 27/20 on no tryscorer when looking at the Away Team First Tryscorer. Seeing as Italy walked through this Canada team that does seem likely with one way traffic expected from the All Blacks. With New Zealand needing to do little more than arrive at the ground for their second Rugby World Cup Clash it is worth looking at how they’re betting for the outright winner of the tournament. The All Blacks remain firm favourites at 13/10 while South Africa are next best at 4/1 and England are 9/2 with Wales, who clung on for a brave win over Australia on the weekend, at 10/1. Ireland were exposed by Japan on the weekend and they’re at 14/1 to be crowned champions. For a full list of betting options for this Rugby World Cup match then click here.