Reese Witherspoon and Jennifer Aniston attend Apple's global premiere of "The Morning Show". "The Morning Show" debuts on 1 November on Apple TV+. LOS ANGELES - From Julia Roberts and Meryl Streep to Reese Witherspoon and Michael Douglas, Hollywood movie stars are being lured to television by higher production values, wider opportunities... and massive paydays. Once the vastly poorer cousin of film, the small screen has enjoyed a stunning renaissance as members of the binge-watching generation swap trips to the multiplex for nights on the couch streaming the latest "premium" hit show. Michael Mann, the acclaimed director of films "Heat" and "The Last of the Mohicans," said the quality of TV in the US has now overtaken that of movies in many cases -- something that was not common when he produced television's "Miami Vice" in the 1980s. Today, "some of the best writing is going on in television," Mann said, pointing to Netflix's dark crime thriller "Ozark" and Showtime mini-series "Patrick Melrose," starring Jason Bateman and Benedict Cumberbatch, respectively. Elsewhere, Jim Carrey has starred in Showtime TV comedy "Kidding," Roberts fronted Amazon drama "Homecoming," and Douglas signed up for an Emmy-nominated turn in Netflix's "The Kominsky Method." - Paydays - The staggering financial incentives of crossing over to television are also clear. The new "Big Five" TV streaming networks -- Netflix, Amazon, Hulu, Disney and Apple -- are expected to spend $27-billion this year on content, according to a recent FilmLA report. Witherspoon and Jennifer Aniston are reportedly earning $2-million each per episode for Apple TV+ flagship program "The Morning Show." It has already been granted a second 10-episode season. "The impact that digital streaming services are having on the television and entertainment industry cannot be overstated," the FilmLA report said. Witherspoon had already converted to television, appearing in an unprecedented ensemble cast for HBO's "Big Little Lies" opposite Streep, Nicole Kidman, Laura Dern and Zoe Kravitz. - 'Changed my entire career' - At the Los Angeles launch for "The Morning Show," Witherspoon said she was also drawn to television because it offered more diverse opportunities, particularly for older actresses and minorities, than traditionally white, male-dominated Hollywood studios. "The idea that streaming services actually have empirical data that audiences want to see people of different ages, different backgrounds ... creates an opportunity for new voices to emerge and new storytellers to emerge," she said. "So I'm enormously grateful to the streaming services -- it's changed my entire career."