Pascaline and her mother in their home in Lacouroussou, a poor neighborhood of Niamey in the capital Niger. Childhood has not been easy for Pascaline. She is the youngest of three brothers, none of whom live at home anymore. NIGER - Pascaline (13) lives in Lacouroussou, a poor neighbourhood of Niamey in the capital Niger. Childhood has not been easy for Pascaline. She is the youngest of three brothers, none of whom live at home anymore. For years, she has collected football shirts, socks and boots. Most of them are too big for her. ‘Whoever said that football is only for boys. My friends and I are proving them wrong, ' she asserts. Since 2007, the association ‘Academie Atcha’, has enabled out-of-school children to gain an education with a key element to motivate them: football. The center provides children with primary and secondary education programs, food, academic and sports equipment in Niamey. Under Pascaline's bed, there is a backpack. The bag stores the aspirations of a young Nigerian girl with a clear idea in an uncertain terrain: ‘playing football, even though I am a girl’. Young girls taking part on a UNICEF-supported football tournament for girls in Niamey, Niger. Since 2007, the association ‘Academie Atcha’, has enabled out-of-school children to gain an education with a key element to motivate them: football. The centre provides children with primary and secondary education programs, food, academic and sports equipment in Niamey. In Niger, many factors can put a child at risk of marriage. There is a long-established perception that marriage will provide protection to young girls, and also bring family honor. Social norms, customary and religious laws condone, and sometimes even encourage, the practice. Pascaline at the Atcha Academie. Pascaline attends one of her primary school classes. Pascaline is completely undeterred that soccer is a male-dominated sport, she says this makes her and her girlfriends more determined to succeed. Her dad says the local boys used to laugh at her at first, but now they respect her skills. Her dad worries about her because he knows Niger is a country where out-of-school girls are highly vulnerable to health risks, violence, abuse and exploitation. Henri, Pascaline's father at his welding shop in Niamey, Niger's capital. Her dad worries about her because he knows Niger is a country where out-of-school girls are highly vulnerable to health risks, violence, abuse and exploitation. There is a long-established perception that marriage will provide protection to young girls, and also bring family honor. Social norms, customary and religious laws condone, and sometimes even encourage, the practice. Pascaline has her boots reserved for the days of important games in the academy locker room. They are those of good luck, they bear their name written in pen. The Academie Atcha players change their clothes before training in Niamey, Niger. In Niger, many factors can put a child at risk of marriage. There is a long-established perception that marriage will provide protection to young girls, and also bring family honor. Social norms, customary and religious laws condone, and sometimes even encourage, the practice. Young girls won a soccer competition in Niamey by qualifying for the final and triumphing in the penalty round. But both teams celebrated the opportunity to claim their rights on a soccer field in Niamey