Convicted rapist Nicholas Ninow broke down as he explained events leading up to him raping a 7-year-old girl. JOHANNESBURG - Convicted rapist Nicholas Ninow broke down as he explained events leading up to him raping a 7-year-old girl. Ninow told the court he was on drugs the day he assaulted her in the bathroom of a Dros restaurant in Pretoria, last year. "I rushed to the bathroom, the first thing I did when I arrived at the restaurant, the most private place to go and use and to feel better. I was using the drug CAT." LIVESTREAM: Convicted rapist Ninow faces heavy sentence "As I came back from the toilet, I decided to sit outside. I was not waiting for anyone I was alone and helpless. I was supposed to be at work but instead of picking up drugs. I drank and drank. It is difficult for me to describe what happened at that moment it's one of the hardest things that I had to say especially with the press and the media around. It is something that breaks me every day. " Ninow is testifying in mitigation of sentence. He says drugs are a coping mechanism and that he started using marijuana, with friends at 12-years-old and started using chemical-based drugs with his mother at 13-years-old "I started using marijuana, as a drug with a bunch of older friends but my first encounter with chemicals was with my mother. We were living with my grandmother. My grandmother has known that my mother has been struggling with addiction her entire life." Ninow reflected on a time when he and a friend were drinking with Ninow's mother who he describes as more of an older sister. WATCH: Ninow found guilty of raping child at Dros "We had more of a brother and sister relationship and I would often drink with her. Myself and a friend were drinking with her one weekend. It was was 4 or 5 o'clock on a Sunday and we were still going.  My mom saw she couldn't take us back to my gran in this state. My mom called both of us to her bedroom. We noticed chopped lines of CAT. She told us to take some of it to help us sober up and we should never do it again, but she's only doing this as a once-off thing to help us sober up. " "I must say after taking it, I felt good." Watch the video above for more.