Orlando Pirates coach Rhulani Mokwena is prepared to take on the pressure that comes with assisting the Buccaneers reclaiming their glory. Courtesy #DStv403 JOHANNESBURG  - Orlando Pirates coach Rhulani Mokwena says he's prepared to die for the Buccaneers. Mokwena says he is willing to go all the way to bring back the club to its glory days. “My grandfather died for this club, my uncle Jomo Sono left his wedding for this club and who am I to complain when I have to spend sleepless night, that’s all they ask of me to spend sleepless nights to make sure that the club gets back to winning ways and that’s the only thing. If it comes with pressure, so be it. If it means I get cut, so be it, but if at the end of the day it results into Orlando Pirates reclaiming its glory  days I'm prepared to even die for that.” Pirates are synonymous with winning trophies but the past seven years have seen the side failing to deliver silverware. On Saturday, The Buccaneers face Stellenbosch FC in a Telkom Knockout first round clash at Orlando Stadium. Since taking over the reigns, 33-year-old coach Mokwena has struggled as the Soweto giants find themselves in eighth position on the Absa Premiership log, they have also crashed out of the CAF Champions League. But the clubs youngest ever coach insists he’s learning to live under pressure at the helm of a big club. READ: Tough draw for Kaizer Chiefs in TKO last 16 “We are aware that we have gone through a 7 year drought and it started before me and it will continue even if it’s not me. So it’s not about me, it’s about the club and the most important thing is for us to serve the club and make sure that we do our utmost best to stop the drought because a club of the Pirates magnitude deserves to be winning trophies week in week out, season in season out,” Mokwena said. Pirates failed to win the MTN8 this season already and now up next in their trophy search is newly promoted Stellenbosch FC on Saturday. Pirates are favorites to win this encounter especially playing at home. A match against Stellenbosch FC at Orlando Stadium is surely a must win for Pirates as they plan to turn their fortunes around.