Cheslin Kolbe missed the Springboks pool match against Canada with an ankle problem and had to leave the field in the latter stages of the quarter-final against Japan. TOKYO - South Africa winger Cheslin Kolbe has returned to the starting side for the Rugby World Cup final against England in Yokohama on Saturday after he recovered from an ankle injury. Kolbe missed the Springboks pool match against Canada with an ankle problem and had to leave the field in the latter stages of the quarter-final against Japan before sitting out their 19-16 semi-final win over Wales. "Cheslin is fit and he is back in the team," coach Rassie Erasmus told a news conference on Thursday. "We were a bit nervous when we lost him for the semi-final, but the nice thing about the squad ... is that we have a lot of depth. READ: Go Bokke! SA to face England in World Cup final "Cheslin is world-class and he has shown that whenever he has played for us." Kolbe is the only change to South Africa's squad with Erasmus sticking to a massive pack and having six forwards on the bench to bring on as replacements in the second half. Captain Siya Kolisi will earn his 50th test cap in the final, where he will compete against England's twin opensides Tom Curry and Sam Underhill. READ: Ramaphosa congratulates World Cup finalists Springboks "There were a lot of emotional things going around about him being the first black captain," Erasmus said of appointing Kolisi to the role last year. "It caught Siya off guard and caught me off guard as well. "He has always been a great captain and great player. But his game suffered a little bit and then he got injured. READ: England want all bases covered against 'cunning' Springboks "(But) he is ready for the final. It will be his 50th test match and it will be a wonderful occasion." South Africa: 15-Willie Le Roux, 14-Cheslin Kolbe, 13-Lukhanyo Am, 12-Damian de Allende, 11-Makazole Mapimpi, 10-Handre Pollard, 9-Faf de Klerk, 8-Duane Vermeulen, 7-Pieter-Steph Du Toit, 6-Siya Kolisi (captain), 5-Lood de Jager, 4-Eben Etzebeth, 3-Frans Malherbe, 2-Mbongeni Mbonambi, 1-Tendai Mtawarira Replacements: 16-Malcolm Marx, 17-Steven Kitshoff, 18-Vincent Koch, 19-RG Snyman, 20-Franco Mostert, 21-Francois Louw, 22-Herschel Jantjies, 23-Frans Steyn.