Tshepo 'the jean maker' Mohlala shows Duchess of Sussex Meghan Markle a pair of dungarees for Baby Archie. JOHANNESBURG - The Duchess of Sussex received a surprise pair of dungarees for baby Archie from local denim designer Tshepo Mohlala in Johannesburg. Meghan made a private visit to Mohlala's shop at Victoria Yards on Monday to pick up a pair of skinny jeans she had ordered when she received the special gift for her 4-month-old son. LIVESTREAM: Duchess of Sussex comes to Joburg "About 4 weeks ago I got a call from the British embassy, wrote Mohlala on Twitter. The Duchess of Sussex placed an order for a pair of jeans and today she came to collect them personally... Suprised her with a pair of dungarees for Archie and the rest is history." While in the area, Meghan also interacted with the children and founders of the phenomenal programme for kids’ development Timbuktu in The Valley. While in Johannesburg today, The Duchess of Sussex visited Victoria Yards, which celebrates the power of community, bringing local artisans and “makers” together to rebuild, support and learn from each other on a holistic level. It was an exceptional afternoon where The Duchess had the chance to connect with the children and founders of the phenomenal programme for kids’ development Timbuktu in The Valley. She was also struck by the local denim designer who founded eponymous brand Tshepo who shared this info about the logo for his line: “The crown on my jeans represents the three ladies who raised me. Enjoy wearing this crown.” Such a beautiful and touching sentiment! Artists, artisans, sculptors, metal workers and carpenters are all part of the fabric of Victoria Yards, but it also utilizes the power of The DICE programme which supports several other local organisations in their work with marginalised youth and women. These include: 94 Colours (run by The Duchess’ guides for the day, Hector and Sibusiso), CDP (a development programme for young unemployed and marginalised women that provides training to start creative enterprises), Enke (rebuilds the confidence and self-belief of unemployed youth through training and practical experience), 26’10 South (an architecture firm designing a local youth centre) and ReimagiNation (works with local secondary school students to create a social and creative enterprising mindset). Stay tuned for more updates from this special afternoon... #RoyalVisitSouthAfrica A post shared by  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex (@sussexroyal) on Sep 30, 2019 at 9:10am PDT