Public Enterprises Minister Pravin Gordhan has outlined his turnaround plans for the power utility. PRETORIA - Government plans a sweeping overhaul of its power sector by breaking up loss-making state utility Eskom over the next three years and opening the industry up to more competition, a long-awaited government paper showed. Analysts welcomed the move but were sceptical that officials would follow through with it in full, given fierce opposition from labour unions and vested interests in the energy sector. President Cyril Ramaphosa, under pressure over a flagging economy, promised in February that he would split Eskom into units for generation, transmission and distribution, but there have been few additional details since then. READ: Gordhan outlines Eskom's future plans Tuesday's paper on Eskom was especially important as it came three days before Moody's is set to review South Africa's last investment grade credit rating, which is hanging by a thread. The paper set out a vision for a restructured electricity supply industry, where Eskom could relinquish its near-monopoly and compete with independent power producers (IPPs) to generate electricity at least cost. Government plans to set up a transmission unit within Eskom by the end of March 2020 and complete the legal separation of all three units in 2022. READ: Eskom granted R59bn bailout One or more Eskom generation units will be created to compete with IPPs and the distribution model will be reformed so more power can be procured from small-scale producers. The aim is to change a situation where South Africa is reliant on Eskom's creaking fleet of mainly coal-fired power stations for more than 90 percent of its electricity and has rigid rules for power procurement. Nationwide power cuts spread over several weeks in the first three months of the year contributed to a steep economic contraction, sending Eskom's operational and financial crisis to the top of Ramaphosa's to-do list. READ: Eskom to announce CEO soon, says Ramaphosa The government has already promised Eskom more than R100-billion of bailouts over the next two fiscal years, as well as additional money spread over the next decade, but analysts say that without meaningful structural reform Eskom's finances won't be sustainable in the long term. Finance Minister Tito Mboweni is expected to announce further support for Eskom during his budget on Wednesday. The paper said a new boss for Eskom would be appointed in coming weeks, later than initially envisaged. Government also wants the energy regulator's tariff methodology to change to give businesses greater certainty over electricity prices.