A 40-year-old woman who was stabbed 19-times, allegedly by her husband, says she's living in fear, as she doesn't know where he is. JOHANNESBURG - A 40-year-old woman who was stabbed 19-times, allegedly by her husband, says she's living in fear, as she doesn't know where he is. Lerato Makhavhu says her husband attacked her in front of their 11-year-old son and 4-year-old daughter at their Northern Suburbs home last month. READ: Crime stats: Violent crimes increased in 2018/19 The man was arrested but later released. "My kids saw the whole thing. My son, while I was getting beat up or stabbed I could hear him saying please don't kill my mother, I could hear his voice," said Makhavhu. She's a survivor, but she doesn't know for how long when the man who allegedly did this to her still walks free. "My son couldn't sleep for two weeks and because my daughter is a little bit younger, she speaks about it every day. She wants me to paint the story of what happened. She looks at the wounds and tells me that my wounds are ugly. She doesn't like seeing my wounds. So, we are traumatised. I can't go to work, they can't go to school because I am scared that they will be fetched from school and then I will hear another story," she said. READ: Five facts: Femicide in South Africa Makhahu is pleading with her estranged husband to hand himself in. "Hand yourself in. You know what you did… you know the truth. Just go to the police and tell them what you did," she said. Makhavhu's estranged husband says he was acting in self-defence.
But she says her wounds, and this photo taken on the night of the incident is proof she was defending herself. READ: Three women murdered after president's anti-femicide speech The NPA has confirmed the man was released as he filed a counter-charge against his wife. Police are continuing its investigations, after which the NPA will decide if it will prosecute. Meanwhile, Lerato says as her physical wounds heal - the emotional scars she and her children suffer are forever.