Henna enthusiast Montajur Rahman poses for a photo in Dhaka. From shades of startling red to hues of vivid tangerine, brightly coloured beards have become a fashion statement on the streets of Bangladesh. DHAKA - From shades of startling red to hues of vivid tangerine, brightly coloured beards have become a fashion statement on the streets of Bangladesh capital Dhaka. Facial hair of sunset tones is now the go-to look for older men wanting to take off the years, with an array of henna options available to the style-conscious. While henna has been used widely in the country for decades, it has reached new heights of popularity. It is now virtually impossible to walk down a street in a Bangladesh city without seeing a coloured beard. Orange hair -- whether it's beards, moustaches or on heads -- is everywhere, thanks to the popularity of the coloured dye produced by the flowering henna plant. "Putting henna on has become a fashion choice in recent years for elder men," confirms Didarul Dipu, head fashion journalist at Canvas magazine. "The powder is easily found in neighbourhood stores and easy to put on," he adds. But the quest for youth is not the only reason why more and more Dhaka barbers are adding beard and hair colouring to their services. Some believe henna powder has health benefits and, as it is natural rather than created using man-made chemicals like some dyes, does not cause any medical issues. The new trend has also boosted barbers' fortunes -- more men feel compelled to dye their hair and to do it more often at the salons. "In the past we hardly would get any customers for this," recalls Shuvo Das, who works at the Mahin Hairdressers in Dhaka's Shaheenbagh neighbourhood. "But now there are clients who come every week to get their beard dyed," he says. "It takes about 40 minutes to make the beard reddish and shiny. It is also cheap. A pack cost only 15 taka (four US cents)," Das explains as he massages the dye mixture -- imported from India -- into a customer's beard. According to Dhaka University sociology professor Monirul Islam Khan, the growing number of henna beards "is a sign of increasing Muslim fervour in Bangladeshi society." But, he adds, even those who are not strict followers do it. He explains: "They want to look younger. Even the women are getting fond of it as it makes their hair glitter."