Britain's monarch has stuck to her Prime Minister's script in the annual Queen's speech to Parliament. LONDON - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Monday set out his government's priorities at a parliamentary ceremony full of pomp and pageantry attended by the queen, with Brexit top of the agenda. But with time running out for an amicable divorce deal before EU leaders meet later this week, few of the proposals look likely to be enacted, with predictions of a snap election. READ: Britain's Johnson faces cabinet revolt over no-deal Brexit - media Queen Elizabeth II announced in a speech to lawmakers a list of 26 new bills ranging from implementing a yet-to-be finalised EU divorce agreement to criminal sentencing and the environment. "My government's priority has always been to secure the United Kingdom's departure from the European Union on 31 October," the 93-year-old monarch said from a gilded throne, delivering words written by government officials. READ: UK calls for 'intensive negotiations' on new Brexit plans "My government intends to work towards a new partnership with the European Union, based on free trade and friendly cooperation." The Conservative leader has repeatedly said Brexit must happen this month, more than three years after Britons voted narrowly in a 2016 referendum to leave the bloc after nearly five decades of membership. READ: Johnson: Britain will be ready for Brexit in October But if he fails to get the deal by an EU summit on Thursday and Friday, he risks having to ask Brussels to delay under a law intended to prevent a potentially damaging "no deal" exit. The speech -- the queen's 65th since she began her reign -- comes after Johnson tried to suspend parliament for five weeks in September, a move subsequently struck down by the Supreme Court for trying to stop lawmakers debating Brexit. Addressing the estimated 3.4 million Europeans currently living in Britain, the monarch said the government was committed that they "have the right to remain".