Kanye West performs Sunday Service in Indio, California. NEW YORK - Critically acclaimed rapper, award-winning producer, fashion designer, Donald Trump supporter, Kim Kardashian's husband -- messiah? Kanye West is a man who wears many hats -- including the Trump campaign's signature red MAGA cap -- but in recent months, he has shed his myriad personas to reveal himself as a born-again weaver of gospel and rap. After blowing past yet another release time for his long-anticipated album, West finally dropped "Jesus Is King" on Friday, coinciding with the release of its companion IMAX film of the same name. His new work paints a portrait of the artist as a saved man, coming in a year that's seen West tour with his impromptu "Sunday Service" performances, a church-esque concert series featuring gospel choirs. READ: Kanye West claims he'll one day be US president The IMAX film, which clocks in at approximately 30 minutes, shows a Sunday Service at Roden Crater in Arizona's Painted Desert. It primarily features static shots of a choir, and ends on West gently singing a rendition of his song "Street Lights," from 2008's "808s & Heartbreak," to a baby that appears to be his son Psalm. West's ninth studio album sees the mercurial artist who long imbued his rap with gospel further enmesh the two. Elements of the old Yeezy appear — clever rhymes, catchy beats, smart samples — but the artist decidedly tilts the balance toward music with a stronger message of evangelical salvation. Some critics link West's biblical shift to his tabloid-perfect outbursts, brush with politics, and struggles with mental health in recent years. - New Christmas album? - The Grammy-winning performer has openly discussed his battle with bipolar disorder, telling talk show host David Letterman this year: "I feel a heightened connection with the universe when I'm ramping up." "It's like a sprained brain, like having a sprained ankle. And if someone has a sprained ankle, you're not going to push on him more. With us, once our brain gets to a point of spraining, people do everything to make it worse." At a recent Sunday Service in Utah, West defended his decision to back Trump; last October, he delivered a lengthy soliloquy to a president who many deem racist, telling him he loved him to the dismay of many Democrats and fellow artists. READ: Sparse trailer for Kanye West Imax film released In that wide-ranging interview aired with Apple Music, West also said a 10th, "Sunday Service" inspired album could drop on Christmas. Considering the shambolic "Jesus Is King" rollout, fans probably shouldn't plan a listening session under the tree just yet. "The more I am in service to God, I just clear my head and just wake up more empty every day and let God do the driving and just use me as he may," West said in the interview. "You make plans and God laughs."