File: According to Sabric, reported incidents of digital banking crimes increased by 75 percent between 2017 and 2018. JOHANNESBURG - Falling prey to online scammers is easier than you might think. Scams are becoming increasingly more sophisticated and less blatant than the well-known "Nigerian prince" emails that clog our spam folders. According to the SA Banking Risk Information Centre (Sabric), reported incidents of digital banking crimes increased by 75 percent between 2017 and 2018. READ: How cryptocurrency scams work This amounts to a total of R262.8-million lost in digital mobile and app banking crimes last year alone. Cybercriminals are becoming smarter in their attempts to steal and will use technology in conjunction with social engineering to try to defraud people. Here are just some of the many scams you need to be aware of so you can start protecting yourself and your information online. Phishing Phishing is one of the most common forms of online scams that uses email as a platform to scam people. Phishing is designed to trick you into clicking on malicious links that can result in malware being installed on your computer or device or manipulating you into divulging login details for email social media and bank accounts. This often takes the form of an email that looks like a legitimate and professional communication from a trustworthy source, except for a few small and easy to miss details that tell you its fake. Vishing Vishing or voice phishing attacks occur when fraudsters pose as bank officials or service providers in order to trick people into disclosing personal and sensitive information over the phone, giving criminals access to your bank card details mobile banking apps and online banking profiles. Your bank will never call you and ask you to share information such as your account details user name or passwords over the phone. SIMswop SIMswop fraud occurs when criminals convince your mobile operator to switch your phone number over to a SIM card that they possess. Once they have control over your phone number they are able to receive mobile money transactions or collect the home banking onetime passwords to complete a transaction. If your phone loses connectivity for an extended period, don't assume it's your network. Phone your service provider and make sure there hasn't been a SIM swop on your account. READ: Online ATM-style scam puts shoppers at risk: Symantec Sabric acting chief executive Susan Potgieter says practising smart and safe online behaviours (such as not logging into your internet banking at internet cafes or on public WiFi networks and never giving out your confidential information to anyone) are key. "It's important not to use details such as your birth date and name as passwords as these are easily accessible to criminals and scammers," said Potgieter. "Try to make your passwords as complex as you can, including upper case and lower case letters as well as numbers and symbols and always keep them to yourself."