Wales team group ahead of the Rugby World Cup Pool D match between Australia 25-29 Wales at Tokyo Stadium in Chofu, Tokyo, Japan. SPONSORED Wales will be looking to maintain their unbeaten run at the Rugby World Cup going when they run out against Uruguay at the Kumamoto Stadium on Sunday. It’s a match that shouldn’t pose too many problems for the Welsh, the leaders of Pool D, and their biggest concern will likely be to make sure their squad comes through the encounter in one piece as the knockout stages approach. The odds reflect the quality of the fixture with Wales 1/200 to win and Uruguay, with a sole victory over Fiji to their name in this campaign, are 75/1. The Handicap has Wales (-45.5) vs Uruguay (+45.5) at 9/10 while Wales (-46.5) vs Uruguay (+44.5) is offered at evens. But that’s not to say that this is a fixture to be avoided from a betting perspective with plenty on offer as far as trying to pin down some lucrative fancies on the spreads and margins offered. You’re going to want to go after the big scores here for reasons that include the fact that Wales are now regarded as the second best side in the world while Uruguay languish in 13th. History also tells us that the one and only time these sides met, Wales had too much firepower. That was back in the last edition of the Rugby World Cup when Uruguay were thumped 54-9 in a match where they were comprehensively outplayed, especially in the second half. If the general consensus is that Wales are going to run them ragged then what about a speculative 6/1 tickle on a try being the first stoppage in play. There’s 14/10 on a lineout to cause the first break in play or 5/2 on a penalty or free kick. Those wanting to have a look in at the Total Points market can take 9/10 either way they decide on the match total being an odd or even number. You can get the same price if you’d also like to take a similar bet as far as the first half total is concerned. Wales likely won’t take their foot off the gas either and there is 5/6 available on the second half being the Highest Scoring Half and even money for the first half. For a full range of betting options available on this match then click here 