Increasing inter-Africa trade and attracting investment to the continent were top of the agenda at a summit in London, attended by President Cyril Ramphosa. Courtesy #DStv403 SHOW MORE LONDON - Increasing inter-Africa trade and attracting investment to the continent were top of the agenda at a summit in London, attended by President Cyril Ramphosa. Ramaphosa delivered the keynote address at the event, turning the spotlight on South Africa. He admits the country faces many challenges, but that government is doing its utmost to tackle issues, to secure future investment. “One of the greatest challenges that many of you know is that our economy faces is the dire state of our electricity utility Eskom, we’ve embarked on a process to strengthen governance,” said Ramaphosa gave a keynote address, highlighting the importance of reaching the finish line on the Africa Continental Free Trade Area. “This is part of a longer plan for the company that will see it unbundled into three entities, responsible for generation, transmission and distribution.” READ: Ramaphosa arrives in London for working visit Further announcements on how the government will deal with the Eskom debt are expected in the coming days and this will be closely monitored by ratings agency Moody's, who are expected to review South Africa’s status later this month. The President also addressed plans to stamp out corruption, this after United States sanctions were announced on members of the Gupta family. “Let me immediately say our country has been dogged by corruption right across the board, in the private sector and the public sector,” Ramaphosa said. “I’m more confident than I’ve been in the past that our prosecuting agents, will definitely be going after those who are complicit in criminal activity, be they in the country or outside the country they will follow them up.” READ: SAA in talks with potential partners: Ramaphosa With South Africa becoming the next chair of the African Union, Ramphosa wants to lead the charge of ensuring there is peace and stability on the continent but he also used this platform to win over investors, with South Africa aiming for $100-billion of investment over a five-year period. Ramaphosa addressed the 6th Financial Times Africa Summit sitting in London. Courtesy #DStv403